Great atmosphere. The gunplay can be a bit chunky at times but at the end of the day this game is definitely worth it and I hope they do a sequel...so buy the game so I get a sequel!
Very fun little game to play when your bored or as a time passer. Very gud. Do Recommend. pls buy
Fun world builder, with plenty of option of how you want challenge served to you.  Gnome pathing sometimes frustrating if you expand very very quickly.
Alan wake is a really good game, the light effects are pretty awesome and this game is so good, it paid back remedy their promotion and conversion fees in the first two days on steam. Its awesome :D. Remedy can still make video games, even if its not Max Payne. It is also very character driven.
OH YES, THIS GAME IS THE BEST, THEY ADD STUFF LIKE NEW CHARACTERS, AND LIKE A NEW MAP ONCE A YEAR, IT'S SO AWESOME, OH YES, IT'S SO AWESOMENAUTS, YES, YES, I'M GOOD AT THIS, YES, YES, GOOD, I'M GOOD, YES, GOOD, YOU ARE BAD, IM GOOD, YES, TOO GOOD, YES, IM NOT BAD, YES, GOOD.
You don't have to get this game. It's not like it's the greatest FPS of all time or anything. But have a think about it.
ZIKA DO BAILE
BEST GAME IN THE BLOODY WORLD
10/10 would eat your money for hats and keys
love it
É muito bom
es la rajaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
MAGICKA *SNORT* *SNORT*
Amazaing great, Creative and build All I'm going to say.
You won't regret playing it!
What a Awsome game!
This Game Doesn't Work
I'm going to keep this somewhat short and sweetAt the time of writing, Kerbal space program is in beta and there is talk of how soon it will be until it emerges from beta. But since its release in July 2011, it grown to become an outstanding example of Enthusiasm, Humor, and Profound triamph in a game. No matter whether your accomplishing great feats of exploration and scientific achievement......Or maybe you watched your beloved ship erupt into flames and debris becuase of a fatally unseen flaw. There is always something spectacular to be seen (Like your blown-up ship) or something to have a laugh at (Again like your blown-up ship)My recommendation?Buy this game, do something great, do something ridiculous, mod it, find something else just as great and just as crazy to do. My little tip is that i get emotionally attatched to some of my kerbals (Especially Jebediah). There's so much fun to be had and tenderness to experience. There's no reason not to buy this game and experience it. So do it!!!
I've always liked games like Terraria with the 2 dimensional survival and exploration aspect and Starbound does all these well and MORE!Lets start with its soundtrack: To sum it up in one paragraph would do it injustice. This games soundtrack is fully orchestral and imersive. The music just fits perfectly where-ever you are in game. Whether you are spelunking or just flying through the vast expanse of space it fits perfectly and leaves you in awe.Ok onto the graphics: The look and feel of this game bring the vast worlds to life with the many colors and alien dirts, trees and the mixture of monsters. The backgrounds of the planets match up the the foregrounds well and give the 2d aspect that 3d feel.Now the gameplay: Starbound has a nice rich layer of gameplay revolving around survival. In the latest unstable build updates they have introduced a very needed layer of missions and npc quests which fullfil the gaps of just flying from planet to planet and give purpose.Starbounds worlds have a wide variety of random aspects to them.First off the flora: Flora of planets consists of 2-3 main aspects. The Trees, the small bushes and medium bushes. Each planet has a vast difference to the next in their flora with trees coming in 2-3 different types from metallic trees to plain out alien tentacles.Now onto the fauna: Each planet has 3 or more ground based animals which increase in strength further beneath the planets surface. Starbound has a feature where animals are customized via their limbs and body. There are many arms, legs, feet and bodies all just jumbled to together from monster to monster making cute monsters and just plain out terrifying ones. There are also around 2 bird species per planet. Using the same general system.I personally suggest this game because of its deep and fluid experience and its wide modding community.8-9/10 for an early access and its only going to get better!
AWESOME
Hermoso juego que nunca olvidare <3
For $5 this game is worth your time.Pretty easy to pick up and play with simple controls and fun gameplay. dont be worried that the game will be runied by microtranactions cause they dont really change the game at all.Graphics have a really nice feel the them and sound is really good.Hopfully this game will pave the path for future halo games to come to PC.
1. Elizabeth2. Elizabeth3. Elizabeth4. Plot5. Elizabeth10/10 wuld play again
Great game Really fun to play with friends BEAST GAME
Chivalry Deadliest Warrior = Best game, needs more players though
a fun game that gets ridiculously hard on harder difficulties, suits any music you choose to play or just the in game music.ive played most of my hours in this game when my net drops out (hence the hours) and have been playing since it was in beta. not sold on the daily challenge but the new station is an interesting consept. overall... love the game, 8.5/10, would reccomend to fast thinkers.
ก็สนุกเเต่เจ่าของเกมครับชวยเอาไอพวกที่ชอบด่าได้ไหม
Great Game, Love it, Best game ever.............Even tho i droped dead on a server with only me on it, when i had an SVD,M4 with 100 rounds each.This game is still great <3 you DayZ
GOD  GAME
One does not simply not buy Garry's Mod. I recommend you do buy it if you don't have it.
Just amazing
Very very fun. 2.2.5 is nice and fun and the beta for 3.0 is very enjoyable with constant updates and lots of content per update. GG
I Have Played 60 hours of this brilliant different type of strategy game and i haven't had enough. The game is still very long so watch out.
It's like Skyrim but with guns :D :D :D10/10
i really do recommend anyone who has played any cs or cod like games to give this game a go. it may not be like cod but it is still as much fun maybe even better #keepitreal
Any gamer lovers of stragery and other indie games would love this game and Ireconmend it to you
เกมเเดกเงินดีๆนี้เอง
My character is a Jew named ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that is wearing a KKK costume.10/10, IGN
This is a really good game, because you can explore, fight and mine. On this crazy adventure packed game, there's endless possiblilities.
1K mmr players be like:Phantom Assasin has disconected.Phantom Assasin has 5 mins left to reconnect.Silencer: Wait please!Pudge: NoPudge: F9 team please2K mmr players be like:It's just they're having a normal game. Yea that's it for 2K mmr lol3K mmr players be like:Techies: Ez script, Ez winAxe: ♥♥♥♥  you noob, you can't take win ♥♥♥♥♥Techies: We're actually winning, don't end this5 mins ago...Axe: EZ COMEBACK NOOB TECHIES LOLOL NOOBIEEETechies has disconnected from the game#fromyoutubevideo4K mmr players be like:Queen of Pain: 2 tangos plsTiny: need 2 tangos anyone?Sniper: yo guys im gonna die instanly can I have MANGOOO5K mmr players be like:(All): GGWP6K mmr players be like:Some random guy: yay me in leaderboard7K mmr players be like:Dota 2 fan player: I'M IN ROAD TO 8K MMR8K mmr players be like:Bloodseeker: Omg it's real miracle pls add me i'm ur fan9K mmr players be like:(Unkown)
I just can't stop playing it that good <:
Best mech game I have ever played
this game is very cool!
Great game. LOVE IT!
Its good and its not like the other bad games out there on steam. But you need to give this game a shot since its not what it seems... However i dont think its a pick up and play since theres going to be challanges in your game. But give it a go and you'll enjoy it for sure ~shazzy XD
Really good definately Recommend getting this game, Super Addictive 10/10
es muy increible OwO
best game ive played in my life
This game has an excellent style of fighting with high amounts of diferent weapons to use from. With the help of the hl2 engine, the graphics, models of weapons and characters, this deserves one of the best shooters game of all time. As well as this, map-making is avaliable to all people who are willing to do it, same with plugins for custom servers, Source Film Maker and many more things. This is overall a stunning game that I have played for a while and deserves a yes. GG Valve.Some things that may put it down, however, would be the fact that some recent updates are very similar in terms of style. For example, the Gun Mettle update brought in contracts, new maps, etc. The halloween update brought in the same thing, but just different missions.People who play other shooter games, that are like COD, Battlefield, etc. One thing i would have to say to those people would be, don't shout at the medic to run to you and specifically YOU because apparantely YOU are the one carrying the team with your gibus and goggles and your natascha, family business and your eviction notice. Pub doesnt work like that, sunshine.As well as this, don't be an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to the new kid or some ♥♥♥♥ just because you got screwed over when you were new. At some point this new kid will have a better inventory, (yes i know just because having an expensive inventory doesnt make you a better player) better items, and a better fighting style. TF2 doesnt need those kinds of ♥♥♥♥♥ on their servers.Either way, although there are some parts of the years to come that will be lazy, there will be better things introduced. Frankly, i want some new weapons, they've been just introducing reskins. Example, Batsaber.Yes.
ну прикольная игра но 1 минус сложно делать приёмы еслиб можно было создавать приёмы и в инвенте снарядить чтобы просто бить этим приёмом
Its so bosss
Even Today, DOOM and it's sequals manage to be some of the greatest FPS in history. It revolitionized the Industry and if it werent for DOOM, Shooters would be nothing like they are today.Happy 20th Birthday!
Emily is a thot
great game
bum
Great Game, So Many Different nooks and cranies in this game all waiting to be explored 10/10I would recommend this to anybody, Just give it a try and be amazed
One, two, raiders coming for you.C4, better lock your doorFive, six, find wood to fix.Seven, eight, die frozen late.Nine, ten, Never sleep again....10/10
YOU CANT GET SICK OF IT JUST GET BETTER AND BETTER THEN GET UNUSUALS HUHUHUHUHUHUHUHU
This game is very good, i'd recommend it to just about anybody I know, although something bad I found out about it on my first day is that Banished is a life eater, all aside I love this game,
It's good to be a magical queen... if you survive to reach the coronation.
The new music made me ♥♥♥♥ with excitement and the new everything made me ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 11/10 would fap again
2nd of my most favourite game in my life
2nd of my most favourite game in my life
This was a great game, i cant wait for 2-Adrenalin Rushes-Fast Paced Akshon-Has a deeper meaning within all the violence.So nice
summary: free running, vibrant colours and an fps platformer
This game is amazing to play! Very interesting in many aspects and enjoyable. Just hope there is more updates!
With the golden rule "Don\'t be a ♥♥♥♥", how could you go wrong?
Otimo game
คุ้มกับที่ซื้อมามันส์มากครับ
Simple, endlessly replayable, catchy music, this has all the hallmarks of a classic.A few bugs, but it's frequently updated so they're quickly caught.9/10 stars.
Seriously, this is one of the best starwars games there is! critics were stupid how they rated it, well concidering how it is the most sold starwars game, i highly recommend it to any other starwars geeks out there like i am.
I spent way too much time on this game early on in highschool, may or may not have led to me dropping math as a subject. Besides that, this game doesn't feel the same as it did 5 years ago. In my personal opinion the new content  scheme they've borrowed from one of their other games, CS:GO, shows a stark indication of how much damage the newer updates have wreaked on the TF2 community. The new guns/skins look awful, it's a transplant from CS gone wrong. It's a lot more toxic, and competitive in TF2 now, F2P destroyed the quality of an already degrading player base. Idle and achievement servers fill up the server list completely. TF2, we had a good run... but now it's time for this grizzled mercenary to hang up his hats.
Great Game been playing for nearly 2 years and enjoying every minute of it Keep it up!10/10
Got angry at it. 11/10
Is Bretty Gud, Date a skeleton who loves spaghetti. Tennouttatenn
It was well made and worth buying if you get left 4 dead 1 and 2 you will get 2 hats on tf2
fsdgfdsgsdfgfd
I do hate the fact that I lagged a ton in this game really a shame but other than that this game is GTA online for free and less people and also you can play as cops and....... Well I'm gonna shut up now
po cem palavras XD
This game is interesting I think more people should try this
Great game, would recommend
After a couple hours, I have come to the conclusion that's it alright.
cara nas imagens esse jogo da pouco de medo mais se vc comprarem vc nun vão te medo é munto ♥♥♥♥
cara nas imagens esse jogo da pouco de medo mais se vc comprarem vc nun vão te medo é munto ♥♥♥♥
THIS GAME IS LIKE A ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ VERSION OF MINECRAFT PLUS SUMTHING ELSE WASTED MY TIME MY ENERGY MY ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ AND EVERYTHING. 11/10
well, it's a 5/10 for me, i mean it's a great game with wonderful graphics but...you can't even see yourself reload! that's just stupid! and the god dam assualt rifle is useless as crap. Although i did enjoy it a little. I would say you should buy this game if you don't like seeing yourself reload and you like games where you can shoot, build and survive.
Really good game for starters of portal and LOADS of fun!
BEST GAME EVAR
Downloaded the game.Joined a server.GRENADE!! GRENADE!!Grenade/10 Best Grenade Simulator
this game is german and it is so awsome
Beware, When playing this game you will see dead people :3
At First, I thought that this game would have just been another plain old Terraria type game, But when i started getting the hang of it, it just clicked for me... I Instantly loved the game with all the Beautiful types of planets there are, Species, Items and so much more. This game is definitly deserving an instant Buy Even in its Early Build! But i know for sure that as this game progresses with newer builds and Versions, I know for sure that it will be well worth money spent :DIf you have spent your time to read this Review, then Thank You and i truly Recommend that you Buy this game cause its Soo Addictive and Exciting :D
this game is highly thought out, the way the community is always workshopping new ideas for the game, the thrill of owning an unusualor australium and cosmetics is amazing, the team is nice, admins and server players are always good to meet =) Personal rating- 9/10, great game :)
Muito legal !
This is an enjoyable game at first with a variety of different and creative weapons this can make you buffed or less buff, it WILL get repetetive after a while and it becomes incredibly boring but like Left 4 Dead 2 playing the game with breaks will make it more enjoyable.
Muito bom , recomendo a todos, jogo muito bom com grafico simples cuidado muito viciante :3 (ADORO JOGOS VICIANTES) *-*
Yep thats it
this game is a waste dont buy......
Tried this game once, its alright.
abc
Its a very fun game i recomend as its nearly like TITANFALL but its FREE!Play this game now
Amazing RPG
KennyS is France but for Cloud9 he is the American stars.
This game is one of the best games I have ever played it is even better then COD by a mile SO you should get this game wirth the money by alot
So I play ARK on and off with my friends because it’s just fun to join servers and scurry to make a settlement or base and bicker about who own what dinosaurs. Then I get told by one of more hardcore ARK friends that they added payed DLC. This shows me that the developers still care for this game and its players, and they wanted to enhance their player experience with new ones. I feel sorry for the games development team for having to deal with all these entitled precious little children that believe that they are owed free content just for playing for an extended amount of time. Keep up the good work ARK devs. Until you reach DayZ levels of lazy then you have done nothing wrong by me.
Great way to learn Russian!♥♥♥♥
Awesome game, very addictive and truely immerisve. It presents a very basic challenge, to get through the map, however it take something so siple with one movement, jumping, and makes you feel like your hands are painted on and before you know it you're in the feotal position wondering where the hours went. Truly recommend this game.
really fun game
This game is far better than COD. The first time played this game I fell in love immediently.
THIS GAME RULS
Y U NO PLAY! PLAY NOW DANG IT NOW!
This game is heaps sick!
The best FPS of all times. A lot of DLC coming regularly. Kudos to valve !
Stellaris is better.
This Game Gives ME POWER OF UNIMAGINABLE FORCE, with the strength i recive i shall be able to become the true otaku .......Don't play this game its weird and lovely at the same time :)
this game is good
Bad,people just spam 1 op character 1/10
This is a great game, an fps tactical game that is more aim and team work than cod, "run around and spray and pray hoping to god that the server lag is in your favor" Overall counter strike global offensive is a great map with a good community base, exammple the over watch, although the people you play with may be toxic or the best/funniest people to play with. Warning, if you play this game, and you seek short periods of fun, then casual and deathmatch are the way to go, that and arms race, don\'t play competitive match making if you don\'t have atleast 45 minutes to 1 hours worth of time for one game. Thats right, you need a lot of time to play competitive match making, let alone get good at the game that way. Otherwise i would recommend this game as it is enjoyable and not too over the top.
its a ♥♥♥♥ing awesome game
Buy it. Support it. It's awesome. I will find you if you don't.^ Kek, what an old report.Personally I think you shouldn't play this game, although it might get better in a few years.I bought this game as soon as it came out, I bought the founders two pack. It was fun, pretty buggy, but it was full of promise. Skip forward a few years later. The game is worse. Lets talk about starting the game. The game is slow to start. Starting a game will take just as long, and when you get into the game itself, prepare for unoptimized slowness. The game runs terribly, is riddled with bugs and the devs generally don't add any new content. If this was developed by a good indie team, or an AAA team (Oh, did i forgot to mention they fired several people who worked at Bioware, and hired some scrubs?), it would be amazing. The concept is great, I would have really looked forward to this game shining, but the devs are horrible. I do not recommend this game.
Bom jogo depois de um tempo fica repetitivo e demora ao carregar
Been playing this game for days... 2-3 games/day. it was nice... until i got a 7 win streak. 100% winrate on my wraith. then i played wraith...it was an easy game. stage one i killed 3 of them but ran away. then suddenly server crashednow my win streak is gone and my winrate is goneRIP 100% WINRATETHANKS
well valve u screwed up pyros are too overpowered and now the new update u destroyed the rocke tjumper and there is no normal valve servers now. I've been playing this game since 2013 and i miss the old times.Now i got to wait 1 hour just to find a casual server.The pyro is just too overpowed and can kill a soldier and scout easily just by holding down w and holding down mouse one.And now its hard just to have fun in tf2
Game is very fun and very enjoyable :)
Sold my soul to this game would do it again 10/10
Great game fun to play competitevly and is great to play with your friends
8/8 M8 Best Game 2K15. Would Fa... I Mean Play Again.
A very fast paced stickpage game. I'm loving it.
quit my job 8 months ago to play this game full time, woke up 8 in the morning today to regret my decision. suffering from bouts of depression and mood swings due to lack of human contact to the outside world and friend, as i look back and reflect upon my life and my future; i come to a epiphany:  10/10 still worth it.
我之所以推荐这款游戏是为了更方便大家看到我要骂他，这游戏本身质量不错，也许是在13出现之前最好的版本，但是玩的人太少了，加上中国锁运行，实在是连不到人，即使连到了ping也巨高，我在澳大利亚跟澳大利亚人连都是200+ping，不要说是我网络的问题，我玩csgo怎么从来没卡过捏，一些bug还没修复，比如古力查力度的2624a伤害根本不科学，而现在盗版的都能联机了，那么估计以后能连到的人更少
后悔了  简直无脑刷刷刷...
Fun game,Even if you are new,Its funWill be writing Combat Strategies here
사
설명을 보고도 가끔은 막히거나 어려운부분이 있으나정말 잘만들었다고 생각하고 재미있었습니다.
Its cool
Me sale un error de NAT estricto y me da paja configurarlo...
i decided to buy it as it had items I wanted, by I think buying them individually is actually cheaper, if someone can calculate the price and put it in the comments section, I'd be happy.Or angry.
AWESOME
getting dumped by a ♥♥♥♥ simulator 2005
really worth your time
9/10 - IGN420/10- MLG
the best f2p game ever, so happry its free now :)
Welcome To A Game Where People AWP You From Alomost Every Corner...This Game Features Stunning Graphics And Extreme Gameplay,The Skins In-Game Look Awesome Even Though Some Of The Skins Are *Ahem*(B*llsh*t) And Some Of The Skins Are So Rare That They Are Highly Priced On The Steam Market For Up To $500.The Case Openings Are Abit Unfair But You Still Get Good Items From It,All In All,CS:GO Is A Great Game And I Recommend All My Friends And The Steam Community To Try It.Its Worth $15.(PS.I Recommend You To Play With Bots First,I Started CS:GO With A Competitive Match And I Got Owned)"This Game Is Extremly Fun,I Would Recommend It To Everyone"-CrazyGamer3047100/10
This game is too good, this type RPG is great, so addictive I recommend this to everyone who is into this type of RPG, Final Fantasy based game
Brings back good memories.
Best Game 2016
Rust is a game about a naked person randomly waking up on an island who for some reason has a rock and a torch stored in what one could only asume to be their butt.
Very good :)
Not like Left 4 Dead where you can just run & gun No More Room in Hell has 2 modes Survival and Campaign Ammo is very precious and the type of weapon you mostly use could be a melee. Teamwork is needed to survive and NEVER GO ALONE or your possibly f*cked. Barricade to keep the safe zones protected no more just shooting zombies in the gut or d*ck and it'll die. This is a great Zombies Sim.
Good game. Had me playing for more than 1000 hours now
So much fun! All the classes, weapons all suit that class and they are also quite well balanced.Much fun to play 9/10
Poorly designed, lots of flaws, negative community
Its okay I guess
this is a great game for those who like to play games with strategy and like to make decisions on weather to go to war, vote on things if you get the dlc brave new world. all up its a great game and you should get it
♥♥♥♥ing love this game!
Good game
Very Good game. Much fun.
Not balanced at all and has serious frame issues on all graphics settings would recommend to people i don't like to get them away from me for 20 minutes
Just a heads up to any and all who intend to play Warframe.I have had to battle my way through Paypal/Warframeto get a refund back because of lacking information on the forums to do with a product.It started with just a refund of ingame money, due to no reply for almost a month, i demanded a refund of real money back.Not going into details of what the case was.Paypal, have sided with me, after 14 business days saying my claims are valid and i have a right of refund.Warframes response was to suspend/Ban my account for 20 years, due to this.Just a massive warning to any and all who play this game, they show no compassion nor do they care for your rights as a person. Yes the game is free great, but all they want is your money, the second you ask for a refund due to a real reason, they will bite you in the butt and throw you under the bus.Share this so people are aware, free to play really is not all that great, and warframe have shown that.Due to legal rights at this point in time, i'm unable to show the conversations i've had between paypal and the warframes support until the case is completed.
In Watch_Dogs I found that the story is great but there are some random things that go on for no reason.  It tends to be laggy unless you have a powerful CPU.   You get a wide selection of people because it randomizes it.  One bad thing the hacking is kinda linear its only things that are ran by computers and it limits you on that you cant go and hack a building to turn their lights off (execpt for blackout but my point is you can turn ONE building off).  The multiplayer is not the best but It is not that bad. sure its confusing on how to join multiplayer for your first time but you figure out sometime.  Note, Get the DLC because it helps the story A LOT.  So my rating for this game would have to be a...  7/10 Not entirly bad but It does have its down points.
I live in australia so maybe its just me but i cannot even connect to a server without being kicked or the game crashing,The one time i was able to join a game I just didnt really enjoy myself, i kept dying over and over by people that were teleporting around and just seemed to come from nowhereSo as i said its probably on my end but im still giving this a bad rating beacuse of this.
DOTA SUX.
A Must Get game. something to waste a few minutes on
who dosent anyone want this game i like it please bye it
this is awsome!
GREAT!
Was such a great game but the Devs are just making it go downhill, Would not reccomend it at all
been playing this since 1.0 and its the best fps game ever!
meus olhos coloridos
Slime Rancher is a very happy place to go to when you have nothing to do just buy the game its fun and really nice to explore (if you dont watch many videos first) The slimes are cute, the gameplay is amazing and the music is fantastic.only problem is the very minimal lag with alot of slimes or a bad graphics card thats the only problem with it. No bugs and i mean NO bugs i could go searching or just play the game normally and just find 0 bugs.and slime stacks WHAT MORE COULD YOU NEED?
2500+ hrs. Nuff said.
might as well say this is by far the best sandbox game. gmod has been one of the best steam games out there. i truly have to admit this game is better than all valve games combined. 10/10 :)
IS A Poop, THE BIGGEST IVE EVER SEEN!
It is FUN!!!! BUt The Sad Thing is Its very Laggy but its hard to get the lag out of the game and the mods for this game are amazing i made a house its a manshion on water its reallt FUN!!!!.
Thank you to all how helped create this game, it's so good! :D
What I think personally?This is a really great game, with some smart ideas and good gameplay.This game is better playing with friends but the multiplayer setup is way to confusing to understand (at least for me).even though its in Early Access people still tend to complain about the most stupidest things, like bugs/glitches and other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and how dinosaurs can kill you so easily.THEIR ♥♥♥♥ING DINOSAURS WHAT DID YOU EXPECT, you can't just go running up to one with a gun, shot it and expect it to die insistently.Aspects:-Its a game where you have to be stealthy and really have to listen (so its best to play with a good headset) and YOU don't want to make too much noise (such as running) near a Dino, because it will hear you. because of   this it really adds to the atmosphere and the environment, and what you would most probably to in a situation like that.-The Dinosaurs are pretty good, since the game is early access there are only a couple of Dino species in the game, Each Dino has a weak point (being the heart and ♥♥♥♥) attacking there does more damage then attacking like the side or neck.they can be a pain to kill but once you do. you get that feeling of accomplishment.-The weapons are alright, you'll be lucky to find a big crate containing a weapon or clothes?But mostly you get ammo for the gun you haven't found, but the weapons do some good damage, just make sure you aim at the right areas of the dinosaurs to do MORE damage.-The map, Oh Boy, THE MAP IS ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING, its huge it has amazing looks and landmarks ^-^The only downside to the map is climbing up slopes, they can be really steep and if you climb up a mountain, half way it will become too steep and you can't climb any further. Plus you can take fall damage from sliding down slops so watch out- Loot Crates do spawn all around the map, and there's certain areas where good loot spawns.Loot mostly contains:WeaponsClothesAmmoHealthFinal:As i said the game is still in early access so not everything is in the game, but it still is a great game to playJust don't ♥♥♥♥ off a T-Rex, okay? Final-Final:So is this  a good game to buy and play: YESIt is worth the $20 you stole
The best game in survive game the BEST11111
Written VersionA Story About My Uncle is a game that presented itself to me as quite promising with its amazing atmosphere which sucked me in from the beginning. I was later led to disappointment as I realized just how little story there actually is and that the game relies on using cliffhangers to keep the player going. I was fine with this until I completed the game and was left quite unsatisfied. The game made me very eager to see just what would happen next as I swung from stage to stage hoping that I'd get some dialogue. The ending left me quite disappointed as I saw the developer could've done much more with the game. A lot of players have trouble with this game (refer to the other reviews for this, mostly the negative). I find that this is what gives players their play time. The developer is asking $13 for a game that could take a player 1-3 hours to complete (depending on just how much they die).-----------------------------------------------------Pro/Con VersionPros- What little dialogue there is can drive your curiosuity enough to keep you playing.- Amazing atmosphere.- Fun gameplay.Cons- Very little dialogue.- 1-3 hours of gameplay.- Monotone narrator/unconvincing voice actors (don't let the narrator's beautiful voice fool you!)- Massive price tag for how long the game is.-----------------------------------------------------Conclusion: I'd say get it on sale, it's a very fun game however its price tag is just quite demanding. For a story based game the story really isn't there; the atmosphere is. You could get something that'll get you more for your buck elsewhere.
One of the best.
This game is amazing! Its nothing like the ' Call Of Duty ' because its more realistic. Great to play with friends. You may think this game is a little bit to easy, because your a *COD player. But no this is 10x harder then expected. Shooting games don't get as realistic as this.All the *CS games have all been good, but this one is more intresting because of the things you can get. 1 Downside of this game is that camos/skins cost alot of money.I really reccommend this game, so if you see it on sale, fricken buy it!! :3* COD - Call Of Duty* CS - Counterstrike
BEST GAME EVER
at the first time playing this game i saw a tank"threw a grenade on the tank""accidently killed 2-3 friendies""They said it\'s okay :))))))))))))))"the next battle i saw a german infantry using a MG42"kills him using my grenade""stole his MG42, shoots randomly headshoted a random guy""then i leveled UP"11/10 GG Grenade was too OP for Noobsand the repair cost would be great for a lesson for not using a grenade wayy to much(btw that time i was lvl 0 now i\'m not that level)
Yes
SHUUUNDA!!!
This is a great game.There are a variety of playable characers and they all have their strengths and weaknesses making the gameplay balanced. There are also updates very often that include new things and fix bugs. This game is also free. The only things that you miss out on by not paying are rarer cosmetic items and weapons with kill counters. You can still get everything else. If you are free to play and have generous friends, it is possible to get these things anyway.You should definitely get this.
very good
Extremely TOXIC (horrible) "community", da most thugged-out ♥♥♥♥♥♥ I\'ve peeped up in any game, EVER! Yes, worse than tha oldschool Ghetto of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥znit Barrens chat son! I\'ve now played mo\' than 64 matches total & also completed every last mutha♥♥♥♥in single hustlin mission n\' I\'ve witnessed not just tha other crew but even crewmates comin\' at eachother & mah dirty ♥♥♥ verbally before tha pimp selection even starts multiple times. I couldn\'t give a ♥♥♥♥in shiznit if tha other crew trash talks sometimes yo, but up in a game where crewwork n\' communication be a key ta ballin itz detrimenstrual fo\' playas on tha same crew whoz ♥♥♥ don\'t even know eachother ta abuse eachother fo\' no reason. I aint talkin\' bout chicken n\' gravy ♥♥♥♥♥♥. I don\'t even have enough "reports" left fo\' dis week, fo\'sho, they allot you a lil\' small-♥♥♥ number of times you can report playas per week fo\' bein punk ♥♥♥ or detrimenstrual ta yo\' crew, when up in fact you need nuff mo\' ta report all tha ♥♥♥♥♥♥ playas playin dis game.GOOD LUCK if you want phat communication n\' crewmork, tha majoritizzle of tha time yo big-♥♥♥ booty is ghon be matched wit playas whoz ♥♥♥ won\'t rap properly up in chat or won\'t work as a crew, you gonna gotta end up soloin every last mutha♥♥♥♥in match since yo\' crewmates is ghon be "feeding" enemy heroes or off bustin whoz ♥♥♥ knows what tha ♥♥♥♥ unless you have yo\' own jam of playaz up in yo\' faaaaaace!If you aint gots any playaz quein fo\' matches wit you I suggest never pickin a support since you gonna NEED ta be soloin 1 vs 5, which is unfair as it is. But tha problems don\'t end there, since yo ♥♥♥ is bustin all tha work yo\' "teammates" will EXPECT you ta win tha game fo\' them, n\' if you take a thugged-out dirtnap they will verbally abuse you & report you or up in fact they might do it anyway just fo\' funk at yo\' expense!If you only chizzle up in tha options ta ♥♥♥♥ wit Gangsta playas, don\'t be surprised if noone on yo\' randomly selected crew but you speaks Gangsta!, instead it is ghon be Spanish, Turkish, Chinese, Russian & mo\' biaaatch! They may even know Gangsta but just chizzle not ta drop a rhyme it, all tha while trash rappin\' you up in they own natizzle language.Many times if you rap r crewmates which lane yo ♥♥♥ is takin before tha match starts n\' select it on tha map they will insist minutes afta tha match has started dat instead you do what tha ♥♥♥♥ THEY want, fo\' example they want you ta put a low on mana SUPPORT pimp by themself up in tha MIDDLE LANE.If you eva notice yo\' crewmates ignorin tha chat or bustin thangs together dat may or may not be detrimenstrual ta ballin tha match itz cuz tha majoritizzle of tha time yo big-♥♥♥ booty is ghon be matched wit playas whoz ♥♥♥ know eachother up in real game n\' will only rap wit eachother OUTSIDE of tha game, whether by up in person, or voice communication software, instead of communicatin wit you as well inside tha game, so you gonna git NO IDEA what tha ♥♥♥♥ they is planning.Also, fo\' tha freshly smoked up playas readin dis review, do not expect ANY help fo\' ANYTHING, like askin fo\' lyrics or how tha ♥♥♥♥ ta do suttin\' from tha playas yo ♥♥♥ is playin with, as you WILL be verbally played & reported (which is suttin\' dat seems ta happen often up in dis game whether yo ♥♥♥ is freshly smoked up or not) instead just fo\' bein a freshly smoked up playa or any other wack reason, so I suggest bustin ALL tha hustlin missions before you do any real random matchmaking.All dat bein holla\'d I do recommend (not highly) dis game afta all if yo ♥♥♥ is playin it wit a crew of playaz & you ludd a highly competitizzle Multiplayer online battle arena (MOBA) aka real-time game (ARTS) game or you simply wanna use its steam market.ORIGINAL REVEIW BY          Am❤          http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198099901747
Good game just needs more stuff in this game so please make so new stuff :))
I could tell you now that this is one of the greatest games that i have played i hope more stuff get added etc. but i hope they add a system where you can like vote to create a hero but it sent to them then it gets cut down so its a fair hero and all that stuff that would be great. :) <3 ~ "Remember you do something wrong you\'ll get punished" ~ Saaki
Great Multiplayer Game :D
CS:GO is an amazing game, 10/10 I recommend it too anyone who is thinking about buying it.
BEST GAYM
 <3 This Game! I Love this game so much, its such an action packed game with loads of adventure and depth, I have come across many different vehicles such as walkers, flyers, cars, and even hybrids  (A special vehicle with a mix of two different objects E.g: A plane with legs or a hover with wheels).  Great game overall, cant wait for the future updates to see what else FreeJam has up their sleevs. Overall, this game is definately worth that little bit of space on your computer.
Great game for people that like zombie survival MMO's.  I also enjoy the derpiness of the players
This game will make you feel things
Good
one hell of a fun game...
great game the attention to detail is amazing which we expect from scs. The game will always be getting better with new updates
Best Game Ever createdwhy?:-Grappling Hook-Unlimited Parachute-Massive Map-Many Vehicles-SPLOSIONS!!!!10/10 Get this game
Nether is a terrrible game. the graphics are lower than advertised, there a low amount of servers especially im my area (Australia). making it hard to play with the lag. The game is glitchy i found myself in the air at one point only to fall from the sky and die, vendors bug out and close conversation and no one play this game anymore. I regret bying this game as i bought the gold edition ( which is 20 usd more ) and i wish i could have a refund
On one hand it's definatley the type of free-to-play that tries to ♥♥♥♥♥ money off you, what with the repair system and going straight to the store page on pause, and it can rely on a controller.On the other, the combat is simple but fun, the equips/appearance/setting is suitably ridiculous and you play as a giant who gets to kill even huger giants. I like it.
i dont no what to say (No Comment)
Dayz is a step up from the mod.it runs off it own engine, which does cause delay because of all the bugs.But every update dayz just gets better. from when dayz first came out to today it looks like its not much, but it seems it is becasue it taken the developers ages just to get to this stage. i hope to see dayz be finished by the end of 2016 and i hope the devs do to. but buy the game because it always fun to see a game develop, as your playing you might find a few bugs some might come handy, others not so muchAll credit to Brian Hicks and his team but hands down probably best zombie game if you put aside the bugs.
I really enjoyed this game but the achievement system is bugged. There is input lag on movements which will sometimes lose you a level and hasn't been ported to PC well. Due to these issues I wouldn't recommend this game at the moment but if they patch them and reduce the price I would highly recommend it due to the gameplay and puzzles being very fun and enjoyable.I worthy Hitman puzzle game plagued by issues unrelated to the gameplay. A shame really.
It's awesome!
This is a great game, but it ends rather quickly, what would make this game better is additional content and quests, maybe even a workshop. because there are so many ways that this game could expand on it's self, but that's just my opinion. 6/10
Didn't pay for this lol.
Amazingly awesome. Would definatly recommend this game. Awesome graphics, gameplay, storyline, and just overall amazingness.
It's a great game, but its dead; the only ones who play are high ranked people, If you want to play you better have a group of +8 friends since that way you can make an Inhouse tournament or something, otherwise just buy it for the ♥♥♥♥ of buying GG games, since they're great.Great anime graphics though, Liked those.
Jogo muito bonito e com uma ótima trilha sonora.
Great experience. Best part is the player vs player interactions. They really balanced out the game so that its not a mindless slaughter (looking at you Nether) But is still a pvp game.The player interactions were good fun (when they are not screaming friendly at the top of their lungs while running away.)But the amount of bugs is almost unforgiveable.Currently I have one where every 5 minutes I get 1-5 fps and can barely move. Buildings get low texture quality and when inside one I cannot see the walls nor floor.Once they fix the bugs- truly a worthwhile experience.
This game was really good before they change the layout and how it looks, now it just looks like ♥♥♥♥, when I go into a game I cant hear anything beside some ♥♥♥♥♥ talking and then they had to ♥♥♥♥ it up
be your own jacques cousteau !dive the reef... fun little game
Payday 2 is one of those games where you can muck around as much as you want or play as seriously as you want its all to personal preference. Payday is a first-person bank robbing ,meth cooking, painting stealing simulator and its extremely adictive.  With many different hiest to choose from, bank robbing to cocaine dealing you can aproach each mission in any way you like from equiping the heaviest armor and the strongest gun and going loud to rob a bank to going slow and steady in stealth which does come with a experience bonus. The game is very costumisable from choosing your armor, gun, mask all the way down to your melee. But out of the the costumising you will ever do is your mask whcich defines who you are with over 100 mask to choose from and over 100 different colours and patterns no one ever has the same mask.But all up its a very enjoyable game stealth, loud, with or without friends it dosen't matter the circumstances its a great game for those who enjoy co-op strategic shooter i recomend it to all for only 30 dollars its a great pick up. Yes i know i only have 6 hours on the game when i wrote this review but when the game first came out i played the hell out of it in XBOX 360
เป็นเกมที่สมจริงที่สุดเท่าทีเคยเล่นมา และเป็นเกมส์ที่ให้ข้อคิดเป็นดีที่สุด และให้เห็นความลำบาก ของทหาร อมเริกา ในแต่ละหน่อย ของ แต่ละกอง ทัพ ที่พวกเขา ได้ ฝ่าฝัน อุปสรรค ต่าง ๆ มากมาย ซึ้งเกมนี้จะให้ ขอคิด ในด่านท้ายๆ  ที่จะให้ผู้เล่น ได้ยิง กับ ผู้ก่อการร้าย ซึ่งทำให้ คุณภาพ ของปืน ในแต่ละ ด่าน ซึ่ง จะ สุ่มออก ไป และ อัพเกรดได้(มั้ง) แต่ มี อีกจุดนึงที่ ผม ชอบเป็นที่สุด มันจะมีด่านนึงที่ให้เราไปช่วยเพื่อนของ อีกหน่อย ซึ่งในด่านสุดท้าย จะเปลี่ยนไปอีกแนวนึง ๆ ได้ด้วย การใช้ RPG บุกเข้าไปในด่านนั้น ๆ ซึ่งจะมีอาวุธของทหาร อเมิรกา ในด่านๆ นั้น เอง ซึ่งด่านๆ นึง ต้องใช้ความแม่น ในอีกระดับนึกของผู้เล่น ทั้งฝ่าย และใช้ ความแม่นย่ำ ต่าง ๆ ใน แต่ละ ปืน จะแตกต่างกัน ออกไป ซึ่ง แบ่ง เป็น หน่วยๆ เช่น หน่วยซุ่มยิงก็จะมีสไนเปอร์เป็นปืนหลัก หน่วย ทหาร ลาดตะเวน ก็จะมี ปืน MP7 เป็นปืนหลัก และหน่อย ทหาร ราบ ก็จะใช้ อาวุธหนัก ไปตามๆ หน่วย ในเรื่องของภาพ ก็สวยไปอีกแบบนึง แต่ก็จะมี บัคเล็กน้อย ในด่าน เกือบท้าย ๆ และขอจบ ในการ ริวิว แค่นี้ สนับสนุนให้เล่นเกมส์แท้  ขอบคุณครัชชช :3 .
Good teamwork game but most of the time there will ALWAYS be someone that will not listen or cooperate with team thus leading team to losing the game. Still a great game. Recommended for people that are trying out moba's.
Do not share personal information or engage in witch-hunting. It is a bannable offense. Please report posts that do.
An Awesome co-op survival shooter! BUY IT!!!
great game but not for noobs!
I do not recommened this game at all. The gameplay is really awful, and the servers are just laggy. To me, it feels like that the game isn't being supported by the developers.
este juego es muy bueno
Great game for doing anything you want, from spawning in civilians, to building houses and blowing things up. The amount of mods that you can get for this mod is amazing, and never gives the game any dull moments. Definitely recommended!
Loved it, drawing my bow for 4 seconds as the enemies emptied their clips into me, reloaded and emptied them again before I fired 1 arrow and missed.8 seconds later and 1 down, thankfully rescued by my teammate we did it all again, I even got a kill that game!With the Javelin, which is pretty badass, just wish there was 5 or 6, instead of 3, seems a bit useless since there are so few.Love the masks! have to say they are the Pro of this DLC.
Awesome fun, best online shooter i have played
it is a fun game but when you get full ghillie suit,canteen,alice pack,cornfield(infinite food pretty much) the game just sinks, it becomes boring and stupid, Then multiplayer you die loose all your stuff and well, have fun starting over, The developer could have put more thought into the graphics as well. All and all i dont recomend it, it get boring and very repeditive.~thomas the dank engine
Join friend's game.Admin myself & kick him.10/10 would kick the host from his own game again.
WOW! Just look at my hrs played, I didn't even know I have spent that much time on this game!!! Time well spent! If you have heard it's good that's because it is, If you've heard its bad it is only lacking improvement in those area's, this is an Early Access Game = not finished! If you find something the needs work TELL THE TEAM!!!! They are more than happy to include everyone's ideas. If your still not sold by recommendation from a friend just try it out during the many free to play weekends.
Definitely recommend this game, I mean besides the amazing graphics and hilarious storyline, this game continues to screw with my mind over and over again. Must play~~
Very unique game and VERY addicive
fun game for pryos
This game is so boring & repetitive, that it hurts. I really tried to like it, it’s got really nice graphics, but it just doesn’t work for me. The story is as if it was taken from a B grade movie, the characters are just plain and soulless, the loot is crap. You visit the same locations over and over again, killing more and more zombies, doing pointless side missions… just boring.And another thing… comparing this to Borderlands… that’s an insult to every Vault Hunter. This is NOTHING like Borderlands.
15hrs in and not even 15% through.Worth every cent IMO
This game so far is very fun should get it for fun 4 co-op family night.
Great Game, has a good concept zombie apocalypse and pvp. But it's very unoptimized and at some time unplayable. the devs need to put work into this game. Once 0.60 comes out the game will be a even better game and hopefully people will return backl to this game :)
d,wa,dkoawdm,awod,mawok
Great Game!! Bad thing is THERE IS NO CANADIAN FACTIONS!!!!!!!!!!! COME ON!!!!!!!!THEY NEED CANADA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Probably one of the best games of 2016 so far (for me that is). Yes it is a "walking simulator", but it was one of the best stories that i have played in years. You really want to engage with Henry as he did certain things that I\'m not going to spoil.The art style of the game is amazing. The orange sunset really pop\'s out and make everything this amazing orange colour (they make good wallpapers).Now, it terms of gameplay, there isn\'t much. You just walk around the map doing things and walking back to yout tower. That is the only thing I didn\'t like about Firewatch, Otherwise it is a great game that you should play.9/10.
this game is great 10/10
good game
it sucks balls.com
When i have 1000 hours playing 1 game i know i need to stop :P.
bueno pa jugar con amigos :v
really great game a turn-based strategy game. play as rome and becume and empire or  play as lots of other factions. be sparta with the greek state dlc. the game is REALLY ADDICTIVE. i will give this a 9% out of 10%. fyi i am writeing this in 2015 so yeah. you need a good,SUPER or ok computer
This game does't have half life 3, therefore it sucks. 0/10 would internet conspiracy again
Strongest social commentary on the modern era we live in I've ever seen in a piece of media.10/10, would run over hipsters/'swagsters' all day.
Its Ok
This is a very good multiplayer with servers full of many players but with a few bugs, but if you loved single player you would love this!
Firstly, this is based on the 'early access' release of 11/3/15.We all know carmageddon is the apitomy of 'in your face' games, which includes other titles such as manhunt, thrill kill, gta, postal etc.as of the latest update (and theres been a few in the past few months) - although its in 'early access' the game is nicely playable, the game modes and levels are diverse and varied (although players of the original series will find a few familiar haunts).in its current state - the texture optimization / physic's dont quite run as well as they could, but Im confident stainless will continue working on refining their code to run a bit better (this isnt to say - the physics dont work - they do, and are AWESOME) - however in the games current state, the physics and rendering of additional players seems to tax a system quite intensively. if the quality of the final product can be judged off the current state, I'd say we're in for an excellent ride upon final release.
Save yourself the money and dont buy this game
BEST GAME
10/10 would bang
Great game I am lagughing so hard after playing i don't even need to spell correctly to find what I'm after or just look for somethig to try so recomend this game
No Nazis
Xp ruined this game
This game came out only four years ago, and even to this day am I still discovering new quests, dungeons, perks ans items which I never noticed in my first playthrough. Thats what I love about the elder scrolls series (and other bethesda RPG's), in that they are only as deep and as complex as you want them to be, bring with it an infinite amount of playtime hours. Give up as it sucks your life up completely, you cant win!!!!! :D
I've played a lot of zombie games in my time, but Killing Floor is by far the most intense. When you have your back to the wall, facing down a Fleshpound and a Scrake, with nothing left but a knife and dead teammates, it really makes your adrenaline kick in. The fact that this game is generally focussed on (but not limited to) multiplayer and teamwork is what makes it that much more enjoyable. Why face hordes of endless flesh-eating creatures alone, when you can share the fun of burning them, blowing them up and hacking them apart with a team? The wide variety of weapons, maps and enemies  really adds to the enjoyment that I got (and continue to get) out of this game.
Is a brillant game
good graphics, intense gameplay, and most of all......HATS!!!!
 
"ill just have a quick try" - me 5 hours ago
I want to figure out the downsides while outlining the positives. This game has lots of action included, its a real challenge but some weapons seem hardly usable in fights. Rockets are good as short burst damage output, but they can be easily dodged and the player usually switches weapons after. Theres hardly any time for sniping, easpecially in relatively small maps,Other than that, the weapon customisation is great and its fun to try out combos. Really gets your heart pumping and the taunts look amazing. 8/10
The second day I bought this game , made me crazy. My google search is all about "BlockLand Add-ons". I really like this game and like add-ons , its just like gmod :D ( but easier ) BUY IT. BUY IT , NOW! :D
Can only use 2 races when playing online unless you own the other games...(Otherwise a fun game)
Esta Re Bueno! xD
its gay
So much fun, best way to kill time
Gave me nightmares for a week. 10/10
nice game
it ia a real good game with good crafting
Absolutely love this game! Great to play with friends and by yourself. Highly Recommend!
Fantastic game and the story looks promising, I really enjoyed the first parts of the game. Art is nice and the music really fits the scenery. The only problem I have with the game at the current moment is that the where the text is shown to tell us what the characters is saying is a bit big and one of the pictures shows what I believe is a Ball-Point Pen during the time when the Prine and the Merchant are having a chat after they go downstairs in the Inn. Judging from the current art, this would seem something of medieval time. Apart from that I am looking foward to everything you have to throw at me. =^.^=
Awesome game. would tap/10
Very funny
It's alright, at least it has better graphics than Fallout 4.
Do whatever you like but just dont use a screwdriver to take apart the ribcage
Wasn't able to play this game properly while having heavy framelaggs.The game is so laggy I can barely play.I dont recommended buy this piece of crap 1/10
>Your yellow guys spawn in.>You assign them to tasks.>They start cutting wood.>Your wood falls of sky-island.>Your minions freeze and do nothing wondering what just happened.11/10 would play again.also the devs do litterally nothing, they say they are doing stuff but they really arent.
This is god  like
30 minutos esperando unirme a una secion y nada u.u q mal q la gente no juegue estos juegos tan buenos y prefiera basuras como tf2 u otros de marca :s dejando lamentablemente estos juegos q balen la pena jugarlos!!! espero q solucionen rapido lo de los servidores.
Awesome game
About 15hrs in and really enjoying it. Party creation was a bit daunting at first, not wanting to miss any core skills etc. but overall is handled well. Solid game, throwback to fallout two, and executed well. Only time wil tell from here, fingers crossed the story arc keeps swinging.
its pre good
Gave me PTSD 19/45 would die horrifically again
Don\'t get me wrong, ARK is a fun game and it is unique in the fact that your tools include the Dinos and other annimals, however i still can\'t recommend the game due to the simple fact that the Devs are currently (in my opinion) more focused on adding new features that have bugs associated with them than fixing the ones that are currently in the game. It ruins the experience if your constantly finding bugs that may be small still ruin things or make the game frustrating. Another major concern i have is that you need a pretty damn good rig in order to run this, i can usually run all my games (Steam and non-steam) at their highest settings, ARK however for whatever reason i have severe trouble to run on even its lowest settings. Now i know some of you will go "Get a better rig" well that doesn\'t solve much as it is the job of the Dev team to make the game accessible to as many people as they can, and in order to do that they need to get on top of fixing and optimising the game rather than adding more features. so no i can\'t reccommend the game IN ITS CURRENT STATE, however if the Dev team is able to address the many issues with this game and do something simmilar to what Space Engineers is doing right now, where the devs arehalting addition of features and are just focusing on fixing the current bugs, then i\'d give it a positive review...
This game is amazing and it still is only in early access  but yes it does get a bit dull after awhile but hey if we help support the game and give feed back then together we can build this game from a shity house to a villa in Italy
This game has one of the bests assassins in gaming history its not just his looks it his powers they arrange from time stopping teleporting and seeing through walls one of the best games ive ever played 10/10
10/10report brazil, Russia and South east Asia for feeding.
why get league of legends?
the best aspect of the game in my opinion is being dracula himself. you never get tired of running around feeling like a badass. the game does have some negative aspects which completly changes gameplay to the point of it being another game entirely ( i.e sneaking around guards you can never ever kill...). the combat beats gods of war in my opinion.
This is a beautiful Game, but if it was co-op it would make it so much more enjoyable.
Awesome game, Looking forward to more content.
overall a great game for its time, however the graphics are somewhat overated in my opinion.. being the first directx 10 game
First you get the money, then you get the power, then you get the women.By taking all of them by force with guns.
Great Game While It Lasted
Buys game cant even play it 10/10
Best Game Ever!!!!!!
I've created better roleplaying characters than half of Gmod's community has.
Even montion blur couldn't stop me from buying this game for a 4th time and enjoying doing anything and everything involved with FFX/X-2
Hade me lost for words. 10/10 game. just buy it allready
one of the best in depth stratergy game i have ever played big learning curve but a tone of fun to play so..... GET IT!!!!!
Not the best shooter, nor will you have the "funniest" time you can get out of an FPS. If you’re looking to have fun with mate or just by yourself, play, BF4, COD (Not ghost) or B2. I found that the actual shooters elements of the game is dull. Yeah, you got skyhooks and things around you, which are very handy, but the amount of enemies I had to face was annoying and at times, boring. You also can only have 2 weapons at a time. But what I did like was the power ups, which all had different uses. But for half the game I used like 2 of them, which I think they\'re is like over 7 or something. So why is this game so good? This game really shines, and is utterly unbeaten, with its engaging storyline. What a story, I never thought a game could engage me and make me care about the characters like this. I kept pushing on the average shooter because of this story. Also, there is a lot of freedom for the play, or as it seems. The graphics is more than good and the city is really awesome to, which you get to explore bits and pieces of the downtown dark alley ways to the wealth and good looking streets, parks, houses and more. So overall, this game is a masterpiece in its own right, and has defiantly set a new started in terms of storytelling games. (P.S. The ending will blow you away and I played most of this game on the PS3)8.5/10
Mt bom da um pouco de adrenalina na maioria das partes  mt bom mesmo !!
bomber spam is new great thing for game, match over in 2 minute is great right, tu 4 is also good cause why not?
Duck Me cant wait for horizons. that is all i have to say
This game is just beautiful and theres so much to explore, everyday I get on I always find something new to explore. Theres also so much life with all the animals and plants.
fun fun fun
I can't describe how much I love this game. There is an amazing amount of polish and balance, from the visuals and the strategic depth, all the way to the raw and dirty visceral depths that combat can descend to.Let me tell you about the combat; It is good. My most memerable battle so far was a 2v2 where I aided a weaker captain vs a bandit, only for a high level bandit to join in.Bandit capital ships are weaker but they have an insane number and reserve of strike craft, which increases by level (not fighters, those are different). My ally engaged the motherships while I thinned the swarm but he was being overwhelmed, so I rammed the strongest enemy and kept thrusting to push him away (ramming is a big mechanic, more on it later). Freed to 1v1, my ally succeeded in destroying the first pirate, but at high cost; his shields down, his nose and two wing modules torn off and floating free, a core destroyed and his health but a sliver. Sensing blood, the swarm of strike craft pounced. There was nothing I could do to save him. He exploded magnificently, destroying many of his attackers who were too slow to flee.The remaining pirate and I circled while exchanging broadsides, each deadly piroette bringing us closer to a field of asteroids. His strongest weapons were on his nose and he fought to bring them to bear. I, meanwhile, was slightly more manoeuverable and clung on the the relative safety of his rear, while picking of the remaining swarm. Our shields failed at the same time.Shields, armour and hull are not just 3 interchangeable stats in SPAZ2. Shields are the most familiar, a flat, regenerating, protective field. Armour is different. Every single non core piece of the motherships have their own armour, some of which is shared to the core. If a part loses all its armour, it is torn off, and sometimes destroyed. Hull, or health is only relevent to the cores of the ship and when that is gone; boom. So unlike other games, it isn't destroy shields>armour>hull with various piercing weapons, it is shields>tear them to pieces or shoot straight for the core.We tore each other to pieces. I took his right wings out but clipped an asteroid at speed, destroying my left. Caught against it, he was able to bring his nose to bear, shreading off my remaining wings and one of my engines. Now he was more manoeuverable.In despairation, I boosted, smaller asteroids tearing into my hull until I placed a large one between us. Frustrated momentarily, he stopped and reloaded. Seizing this last opportunity, I came out of hiding behind him, my last weapons pounding his engine, trying to even the score. But it wasn't enough. He began to turn and rained fire on my last engine. Before I could be left helpless, I once more boosted, this time straight at his exposed engine, knocking it into the void while my nose crumpled and exploded.Both helpless now, no engines, but still he had weapons and he slowly, ever so slowly, turned to bring that hateful nose to bear. With nothing left, I had a moment of inspiration and grabbed the astreroid chunks with my tractor beam. In space, surrounded by the refuse of awesome technology, I beat him to death with a rock.A narrow victory, I collected the refuse of our 4 ships to just bearly rebuild 1, and then jumped to the void.All actions described above REALLY ARE IN THE GAME. If two things collide, they do armour type damage (very weak vs shields, weak vs hull) to eachother based on their mass and speed. If you can get an enemies shields down while yours are still up, boost at him/her, smash their bits off! Beware of ramming with your shields down, as you can wreck yourself. Finally, you can rebuild your mothership WHILE IN COMBAT. A wing came off? Try and grab it before it goes to far, and reattach it! Enemies powerful weapon came off? Remove your own and replace it!Did I mention I love this game?Also, there are so many viable ways of building your mothership, and none are perfect for all situations. I keep parts in storage to swap forms when dealing with different kinds of threats (General flying, starbases, pirates, mining) but my general form is the ION shield ram: Huge shields/thrust and some ION weapons or lasers to take down shields so I can ram them. It is weak to strike craft and starbases however, and is hard to mine with.
 Best game I have played on steam. I recommend to evryone how likes shooter games.
Never made a review before so this probably won't be very good, but here goes...Fault Milestone is, at the moment, the best story I have ever read. From the visual masterworks to the beatifully composed audio, the deep character developement to a plot that constantly delivers a fantasticly complelling story. Every little thing is conected in a way that creates an atmosphere of a perfect story.I can't wait for the next chapter!
epic, not as good as Fallout 3, but still a memorable game
just non-stop action (if that's wot u want) - brilliant!
Great game, but lots of lags and too much money to progress. Fix those two and the game is perfect
10/10 Would not buy again-Gamespot
Great game! Would recommend to any people who love survival/horror games like the forest. Here are some key points that I love and hate.Pros:-The game looks great on ultra-Islands are loaded with useful items such as: Palm Trees, Yucca plants (which produce lashings, also known as rope) and more.-Sharks are bloody aggressive since hot fix 0.02.-Ship wrecks are awesome.-Quite realistic.Cons:-As it is in the Pre-Alpha stages (obviously) it lacks content. Even though it is an infinite world, there is only a handful of items avaliable to the players.-Glitches galore!Great game in general though.
Its like a Michael Bay film. Horrible actors + Loads of explosions. 11/10.
Dogemeat
THis games is so cool i recommend it for logic people or people who have played garrys mod or kebal space progam
I ate a sandwich
Really fun if you like street racing games or a good challenge as this game can provide both. For a game released in 2003 it still stands pretty well today and even has a whole modding communtiy to back it up to keep the game interesting. I find this game to be really replayable as I keep coming back to play the through the game over and over again. Although it may be somewhat short, I find it just adds to the replayability of the game. The racing itself gets pretty fast paced when you get out of the first hub world with features like the burnout, nitrous and wheelies (for bikes) to keep you getting back up to speed pretty quickly. The open-world combined with open checkpoint style races allow for the player to go their own route through the races (or at least to the next checkpoint) or just follow the AI. Because of this, however, most races might require multiple tries to be able to learn the race beforehand and know where you're actually going and to take the optimal route to win. Trying to do these for the first time can sometime prove difficult as the races get longer and checkpoints are spread further out, which is where some of the difficulty comes in. Also that you have to use your current vehicle to beat people who are using vehicles of (most of the time) better performance. This isn't necessarily a complaint from me as the feeling from finally finishing first after many tries is amazing, knowing you can finally move on through the career. My only complaint is the bloody traffic; the most annoying/frustrating part about this game. I don't know if I just have really bad luck or something but it seems everytime a traffic car 'swerves' out of the way it always ends up swerving right into me as I see everyone pass me in that instant. Also when random long busses like to go across intersections right when you happen to be crossing perpendicular to them. But besides that, I absolutely love this game.*ProbablyJustANostalgiaFanaticReview*
fun game, people complain about RNG but really who cares, maybe you have to give the level a couple more goes, try something different, eventually you'll beat it.
Amazing game, its come so far and you'll definitely get your moneys worth and more!
muito ♥♥♥♥
still fun
Seeing such a great world full of potential in this game. Everything about the game play is great so far. U get to craft, u get to build stuff, and u get to raid and such. But currently this game is ruined by hackers and bad community management. Dun get me wrong, i'm in singapore and almost all the server i've played in has hacker, all the asia server has hacker. all the western server too lag to play. Official server, the name shd make ppl scared to use hack or ♥♥♥♥, but no. there are tons of hackers, ruining the game, u go out, gather resource and get some good gear and suddenly out of nowhere a guy with speed hack flash right infront of u, jerking left,right up and down, and seemingly just smack u to death with a rock, and not once but 4 times. so i said fine, i'll go to other part of the world, bam, aimbots and wall hack shooting from inside a rad town wall. Go to community server? no, admins hacking, admins not bothering about hackers cause they are friend and ♥♥♥♥♥. so unless garry and his team solve this problem, this game is a no go for asian gamers. (Pro Tip: just ban china, they are the major cause for hacking)
this game is a good game for pepole that like first person shooters i give it 5 stars
"Stay in the light, don\'t be seen, don\'t listen to the voices, stay in the LIGHT, don\'t look at the cor- no nononono! Don\'t be seen, don\'t make any noise, don\'t look at the..."
Buy it...............
I like this game puzzle and jokes about skeleton
boom! boom! awp! ♥♥♥♥! noob! hacks! boom again.
Terraria is endless amounts of fun and no matter how many times I play this game I experience it differently every time. I recommend this game to all sandbox game lovers as it has a massive amount of items for you to find and use as you wish. Terraria is an amazing buy for any lucky b stard that picks it up. :D
amazing yup zxc
Pass The Whiskey.Whiskey/10
Disturbing but addictive with endless great replayability.
it's free and pretty fun to play with friendsbut mainly just to get a hat in a simulator
this game has had me hooked for over 4 years and im still not bored
It's like Minecraft in space. But unlike all the other Minecraft-in-spaces, it's actually good. It's incredible, really, everything has its own physics, everything is infinitely destructible, and it's very playable and addictive even with its basic gameplay! I haven't even gone outside creative mode, it's so much fun to make your own fleets in preparation for the eventual future warfare that may happen in multiplayer. Huge drain of resources, though, the large constructions I've been working on bring my GTX 770 and i7 4770k to their knees.
BUY THIS GAME
very good! very nice! very beautiful, very nice graphic, everything is nice!99/10 arronlim13: Best game ever!Stop reading and play!
Crush those rocks woman!"Good job, now your going to die"
I used a blunt rock to cut chicken out of a pig. 10/10
Its Like Gta, But with zombies But without PLanes :(
One of the best games ever! You know those games that say "Build anything" but don\'t allow you to build much? This is not the case here. With enough mods, you can build almost anything.  I have nothing more to say.Base game : 9.7/10With mods : 97/10
behold THIS AMAZING demo of "what starforge could have actully have been" is just a tast of this product and only represents 0.0001 of the actural product promised you can either A leave with your money knowing RUN RUN RUN ITS A VAPAR WERE or buy it and then complaim to steam support taht you purchest this wondefull fine game and recieved the demo only to learn it was the full deal and that there is barely anygame to playcough warz cough cough
Amazing movie whether or not your a dota fan or not i belive it is a documentary worthwhile
10/10 would crash again. WTF!!! this game is a sack of ♥♥♥♥ and a bag of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that are crusty, hot and expired.  YUMMY
Really Recommend This Game ! :D
Es muzho Maincra Buenisismo 5 estrellas :V
This game is the definition of awesome dont get the other Dow 2's just this one, standalone, This is the S**t, I promise you buying this will show you the face of God
Eh, not bad.
An insane and cheap rage experience. It's like a rave and school start curb-stomping you on the street, or if santa and the easter bunny could throw up cornchips and neopolitan icecream. Never again will you hate Hexagons and other polygons so much.
wont work it kepps crashing
Very disappointing. Codemasters have taken a grant-bribe from Oculus to buy platform exclusivity. No reason this couldn't have been delivered using open source Steam VR. Codies' PR team are busy fobbing off questions about Vive compatibility with evasive corporatespeak drivel while, presumably, lighting Cuban cigars with dirty $100 notes from the Facebook coffers. What next? Games you can't play with mouse/keyboard control unless you're a Logitech customer? nVidia only software which refuses to run for AMD users? Software which only works on a Samsung monitor (thanks for the brown paper envelope, guys).It sucks, and is of no benefit to the consumer. The PC platform's strength is broad compatibility regardless of who manufactures the components or peripherals. This is the thin end of the wedge, and PC gamers should stand together in giving a well deserved collective middle finger to anyone involved in these shabby practices.Oh, and as far as the review goes, I couldn't play the game in VR because Codemasters were bribed into avoiding the de facto OpenVR standard in favour of locking down the hardware with Oculus' proprietory drivers, so....That's a huge thumbs down and a generous 2 testicles/10 rating for this one. Hope Codemasters choke on Mark Zuckerberg's baby batter...
It's Brilliant. Why?That would spoil it. You'll just have to trust me.-GawR
♥♥♥♥!
iz gud
I want a game that runs.... thats not this game... rockstar social club is the internet explorer of game clients (and thats being generous).
Very fun game
Blood Bowl 2 is a very fun but RNG heavy strategy game. Since all decisions are made through simulated dice rolls, it can be as merciless as any wargame/tabletop.That being said; if you can stomach a sometimes clunky interface and the notion that sometimes you just WON'T win some matches due to dice rolling, Blood Bowl 2 is a great game. There is something incredibly satisfying when you knock down an enemy player's unit and injure or kill them.
Great game overall that focauses on teamwork.
Play in a teamPlay by yourselfExplore, mine, fight, build, research and develope, manufacture, travelHeh! Whatever man, you will not be able to exhaust your skills, your enjoyment, your frustration, your amazement.Eve Online By any means imaginable, the hardest game on the net!But it's the Best game on the netNow and Always.See you there,Look me upJaXJack Xristeu
this game is awesome
play it its awesome you cant go against it if you havent played it
Best game ive played so far,  full frontal nudity  (hot) and killing monsters with magic and swords. My kind of game.
good tonk gameplay. good plane gameplay... stealth jet not stealthy ;(
ye
Insanely good. Use a walkthrough and stay far away from the genocide route.
Single-Player: A fast paced, fluid nihilistic-carnage \\m/
Like space civilizations... oh wow it's even in the name...good game, its like the II version but betters!
Well what can I say, really? For a game that's in its alpha stage development I have never loved any game so much. Despite the fact that I can see this game having a lot more features and fixes added into it (I started playing recently in Alpha 10.4), in my oppinion its so far very in my oppinion realistic when it comes to survival, and very addictive; you are just dying to get the game right when you first try it out. For those of you who posted negative feedback on 7 Days to Die, I have got no idea what you're crying about, because this game just blew me away! I fully reccomend this game to anyone who is interested!
Quite possibly one of my favourite games ever, Saint's Row III is serious about messing around.Aim of the game: shoot stuff, chainsaw stuff, explode stuff, run around naked while hitting stuff with a ♥♥♥♥♥/baseball bat.The possibilities are endless. Regardless of how many times the game glitched on me or just plain disturbed me I couldn't stay away. The fast paced combination of shooting, running, driving, flying, skydiving in a panda suit with a chainsaw, I just couldn't resist the simple, mindless fun of it all.Screwing around in sandbox mode is certainly more exciting than a mojority of the story and that's OK because the game is simply incredible.Flawed and Unfaithful to the previous games as SR3 is, it is still a brilliant game and totally worth your money.SO BUY IT.
Where to start. Well I\'m in it so it\'s guaranteed to be epic. All jokes aside though the game is awesome, and you can read my review to know more.The game overall is awesome, it\'s like borderlands 2, but it\'s better. The Scaling in BL2, was horrible from level 50 upwards. You need OP and Gamebreaking gear to get anywhere in the game fomr UVHM onwards. And I can already see the scaling in this game is a lot better. I\'m able to now use Purple guns to defeat a raid boss, solo. The visuals, can be a little repetitive at times, but overall they are appealing and does bring different environments into the game. Now as for gameplay, well, many, including me who had seen the gameplay, thought that the butt-stomp ability would be a gimmick in the game that I would never use. I was wrong. It adds so much more to the combat, in addition with the low gravity, killing is a lot more fluid, getting around on foot isn\'t so boresome, and depending on how you use your "double jump", and where you activate the extra boost, gives completely different outcomes. For example, if I need to get to a higher ledge, a jump and boost when i\'m halfway until the fulcrum of my jump, giving me a way higher jump. But If I was to say get passed a very wide crevice I would start sprinting, jump then activate the boost before I start descending. And this all may seem simple, but it can be applied to the combat maneuvres and it overall makes combat more pleasing. I particularly like to use the second descripted type of jump a lot when traversing without a vehicle, it practically triples my movement time and comes in handy, even in the normal gravity environments, such as Helios.Now for Classes. Of course everyone started the game as claptrap, so i\'m going to go and do something different like I usually do, I played the game as Nisha, speccing into her middle and right trees, and found myself being basically a god, maybe here is where the teamwork really comes into play. Having all 4 Nisha\'s running around wouldn\'t work, because you have no way of healing or buffing teammates. Nisha is a very combat centred solo class. And I would say she is needed for every kind of boss fight, she deals damage and deals it where it matters. Claptrap, is a must have, he gives the team random buffs, and helps out alot with co-op, lots of health boosts, dmg boosts etc. Athena plays the role of the tank healer, she is a great class to play as with friends, although solo not so much. Her abilities are a lot like Maya\'s except she soaks up damage. She is also a vital part to the team, giving out lots of Health regen. I didn\'t play wilhelm much, but from what I did, He is just a straight up tank class. He takes all of the damage dealt while dealing a fair enough amount of damage. He is the most Balanced class from what i\'ve played of him but isn\'t very fun (for lack of better term), So overall the classes have their own Pros and cons and they all do their own special thing that makes them vital to the team.As an overall, I\'d say the game does use lots of content from Borderlands 2, including some legendaries and renamed Unique guns. The humour is a step up from Borderlands 2 and as an Australian I did get all of the jokes, so that could be a downside for some players who don\'t know much of Australian slang and colloquialism. But yes, the humour is well done and implemented, the story is EXCELLENT. I love it. *No spoilers* I hate lilith for what she did to jack, and I empathised for Jack as the hours passed. Some of the negative reviews here state that the campaign didn\'t give enough XP to get to the required levels, but that\'s because they didn\'t do the side missions, which were frankly better this time around. There is a lot more variety and SO MUCH story to be told in the side missions, like how Terramorphous made it onto Pandora, when Threshers where only a Moon Species (DAMN YOU HAMMERLOCK), or how Jack comes up with the idea of Moonshotting loaders to Pandora etc. Lots of things storywise are excellent, with a nice twist on Jack at the end and how he gets the scar on his face. The story just blew my mind the first time around, and I stuck around long enough for 3 more playthroughs up to TVHM and still find it enjoyable. I especially can\'t wait for the UVHM pack that will have a new Narrative Voice over along with Tiny Tina. Overall Game was excellent.Now for a short list of Pros and Cons incase you don\'t want to read all that garbage.Pros:- Story- Classes- Visuals- Soundtrack- Gameplay- Combat- Low Gravity- Enemy Scaling- Weapon Scaling- Replayability (I\'d die if I didn\'t put that in there)Cons:- Nisha and Claptrap are the only 2 classes that are really enjoyable in SP and MP- Wilhelm and Athena lack enough SP Skills to play SP, but are both great for MP- Not as many legendaries- Maybe too many reused Borderlands 2 Assets- Comedy can get a little dry after a whileAnyway that\'s my Review of Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel I give this game an overall of:8.7/10. It\'s more of the same which isn\'t bad, it still has that Borderlands Charm, it delivers where in lots of ways Borderlands 2 failed. And even though it seems mediocre amongst many giants coming out this year, it\'s defenitely my Game of the Year. I can\'t wait for the Doppelganger Pack release tomorrow, and like i\'ve said many many times. This game overall is excellents. It\'s a must buy for borderlands fans, and a must buy if you want to try out the series. TL;DR Game overall is excellent, more of the same Borderlands you love while changing it up a bit. New players will love it, while old fans will cherish it.
Best hat simulator on the market.14/10 would waste my time again.
I have to down vote this game. There seems to be a shocking trend for big game cross platform developers to neglect keybinding in PC games. Some PC gamers have a setup that is not easy to remove a joystick for various reasons, joysticks are not easy to disable on a window system. These new games see  joysicks as a gamepad and use buttons and any axis across any or all of the attached joysticks and disable the keyboard alltogether making the game unplayable. Simple fix is dont downgrade PC inputs to suit a 10-15 button gamepad.
This game is better than sex.
ES LO MEJOR DEL PLANETA TIERRA :)
Basically Cube World.
This game makes you salty, enter at own risk.
So much potential, Enjoyed the alpha very much. Look forward to later updates and gameplay advances
Haha... Oh god where do I start? Well firstly I'd like to say, I have played more then steam reveals, that's for sure! Anyway, Garry's Mod The Craziest game on steam! Garry's Mod has SO much freedom! You can do anything you want and then do more with mods! The Game modes are AWESOME!!! I definitely suggest buying this game! It's infinite potential and stupidly hilarious community make a great game... GO! BUY IT!!(p.s. This is my first review it sucks, I'm sorry!)
Great Game, lots of game modes to play
bright colors hurt my eyes10/10 must buy
THIS GAME IS ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME AND THERE'S NO DENNYING IT
If cs:go had an abortion but it came out anyway, it would look something like this game.
░░░█▀░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀███████░░░░ ░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████░░░ ░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░███████▌░░ ░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░████████░░ ▐▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████▌░░ ░▌▄███▌░░░░▀████▄░░░░▀████▌░░ ▐▀▀▄█▄░▌░░░▄██▄▄▄▀░░░░████▄▄░ ▐░▀░░═▐░░░░░░══░░▀░░░░▐▀░▄▀▌▌ ▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀░▀░░▌▌ ▐░░░▄▀░░░▀░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░▌█░▌▌ ░▌░░▀▀▄▄▀▀▄▌▌░░░░░░░░░░▐░▀▐▐░ ░▌░░▌░▄▄▄▄░░░▌░░░░░░░░▐░░▀▐░░ ░█░▐▄██████▄░▐░░░░░░░░█▀▄▄▀░░ ░▐░▌▌░░░░░░▀▀▄▐░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░ ░░█░░▄▀▀▀▀▄░▄═╝▄░░░▄▀░▌░░░░░░ ░░░▌▐░░░░░░▌░▀▀░░▄▀░░▐░░░░░░░ ░░░▀▄░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░░░░█░░░░░░░ ░░░▄█▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░░░░░░▌▌░░░░░░ ░░▄▀▌▀▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▄░░░░░ ▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░ ░░░░▌█▄▄▀▄░░░░░░▄▀░░░░▌░░░▌▄▄ ░░░▄▐██████▄▄░▄▀░░▄▄▄▄▌░░░░▄░ ░░▄▌████████▄▄▄███████▌░░░░░▄ ░▄▀░██████████████████▌▀▄░░░░ ▀░░░█████▀▀░░░▀███████░░░▀▄░░ ░░░░▐█▀░░░▐░░░░░▀████▌░░░░▀▄░ ░░░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░▐░░▀▀█░░░░░░░▀ ░░░░░░▐░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░ ░╔╗║░╔═╗░═╦═░░░░░╔╗░░╔═╗░╦═╗░ ░║║║░║░║░░║░░░░░░╠╩╗░╠═╣░║░║░ ░║╚╝░╚═╝░░║░░░░░░╚═╝░║░║░╩═╝░
Awesome game
THIS IS THE BEST GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED I LOVE IT SO MUCH
Team fortess 2 is not for the light hearted, no only the strongest can be condemed to play this game... kidding, this game is all fun - the occasional I)ick head this game is all about having a good time and teamwork (unlike call of duty) and I have had a great deal worth of laughs while playing this amazing game! (gimme dat badge!)
el mejor juego : D
Pika
Bought a new $5000 PC just to play this game.10/10
Coming from a former runescape player, this game is jagex's attempt to revive their formerly succesful game after they turned it into ♥♥♥♥. Runescape was THE best MMO I played during my childhood until 2007 when it became ♥♥♥♥.
                                                 DOTA 2  BE WARNED there is no cure for this game11/10
Honestly, one of the best purchases i have ever made on steam.My new favourite game in my steam library.Simply amazing.Finished in 36 minutes and proud.Everyone must buy this game whether you like mayo or not.Mayo/10 would click again.MOST INSPIRING GAME
Warning!!! The AI Cheats!
This is by far the best strategy game  I've ever played. The battles get very intense and you dont need to muck skill to enjoy it like I did.
Gave me severe clinical depression
Well done overkillgreat game Time to break bad
one of the best games I have ever played extreamly replyable 10/10
AWESOME!!
great game
AWesome game!
as of now I ♥♥♥♥ING LOVE THIS GAME bit too many ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ called hackers though
What you always wanted out of your lego set! highly recommend
Another great game I can't stop playing, It's a multiple reminder of a bunch of games thrown together into one.I'm glad It's FTP, but I certainly would pay for It.Seems as It is FTP, there should be no reason for people to not check It out.It's definitely one of my top 10.
great game, Steam please give it to me but anyways so fun with firends or without it and steam plz gift it to me i really want it because its such a good game overall 100/10 i rate it because its so amazing
Hacking and slashing through these monsters all day, gettin all of those strange planks, slayin all of these maggots.
Hurts my eyes, buggy as hell... But was good while it lasted :) Approx 15 hours
Great Game
Like a 2D Minecraft
Cool game
This game has the best camera angles, it is one of a kind.
its alright id play it 5 hrs a week around 3 stars outa 5
It looks really good but there are no Australian server!
good game but they need to make a better way to connect to online servers with out that its ♥♥♥♥
Never playing again. Such a bad game. 69/420
even though i still recommend this game ive had one problem i bought the seasons pass and it hasnt let me go past 1 episode
Amazing.
Mount and blade is not up to date with all the new games but it is alot better then most you can rule your on kingdom marry raid villeges and my number 1 wage war  with who you dont like or make allies and fight alongside them with might and power in numbers
DON'T PLAY THIS GAME IF YOU VALUE YOUR LIFE
Similar to your many other vehicle games with how you have your tech tree and factions. However a differnt concept added how you can bring mulitple vehicles to the battle. Rather than having one and then getting killed at the beginning by a BS round forcing you to leave match immediately in a fit of rage.Would give this game a solid 7/10.
bought the game i was like "SWEET THIS IS AWESOME" started up the game it didnt even start up tryed everything never started up if you have this game get a refund
k
I never knew how annoying mud is untill i played this game 10/10
gr8 game m8 i r8 this game 8/8 m8.
played 5 mins and looking forward to more love this game!!!
A really entertaining game with solid mechanics.Unfortunately, minor things like the ability to reliably find a match come second to essentials like DLC.I'll happily update this when the game works
Fast paced, objective based, teamwork and skills. Outplay the enemy team and sink them deep. Thumbs up for Dirty Bomb. Although it's currently in beta, with a few glitches here and there... LIKE NOT RELOADING PROPERLY! Sure you may encounter a HACKER TO RUIN LIFE. But overall, it's not pay to win, you can easily obtain what you want with just a bit of time and patience, whether it's mercs or opening AROUND 200 CASES AND GET **** ALL... sorry! I rate this game for it's objective based theme, whether you're good in gun fights or just overall terrible, there is always a merc that will suit your play style, medic, engineer, badass RHINO with a mini-gun or just simply keep ur team wealthy with ammo. :) Just remember, teamwork is key, communicate, strategize and execute together to overcome your enemy. (Teabagging is not recommended, as recalled on one of the most important rules of Dirty Bomb. Even though you're playing Dirty, don't... be... a... d.i.c.k :)
This game makes even the crispiest people like me moist.
I don't even know where to start with this.......All i can say is, i didn't know what to expect from this game.So let me start with all the good stuff:D-So we have some kinda smarter AI, even at times when they aren't smart its amusing to see them flail and fall on it's face.-The campaigns are pretty damn cool, this has to be one of the first TW games i've actually enjoyed playing camp.-THE GRAPHICS, HOLY HELL. Now my computers pretty terrible, so i'm surprised i can even get it to high graphics.-The voice acting, well what do i say other than, SHAMEFRU DISPRAY!-So glad to see AI soldiers actually attempting to fire over hills and such. Although i do miss the moments where your soldiers fire into the dirt.-Pretty cool multiplayer system, althought matchmaking 0_o. Pls, i don't want to be put against lvl 1 shogunates-Naval battles are pretty unique, especially fall of the samurai. Love the first person.-ALSO WHALES, THEY HAVE WHALES 0_0 OMERGOHD WHALES!Bad stuff :(-To be honest, the cutscenes could be better. But i enjoyed laughing at the rigid clothing of the emperor as he waved his arm around and the constant shocked look of some of the characters.Overall its a pretty damn amazing game, didn't think it could beat Napoleon (until i found the guns then i started blasting samurai all over Japan) Oh did i mention that there's actual WHALES. It's good to see some fish in the ocean, oh wait sorry, i mean mammals in the water. 10/10 would whale again
AMAZING!
Hands down my favorite game of all time, here is a game that knows what it's about, and doesn't care if you get it or not.  This game is hard, not arbitrarily, but in a way that challenges you to experiement and learn. The setting and story are incredibly deep, and the atmosphere is genuinely haunting and foreboding.
very realistic piball sim
Muy bueno para ser free to play es entretenido graficos unicos es entretenido porque juegas juegas no te aburres podes editar tus personajes con lo de la workshop y puedes ganar armas la verdad es una joya de valve
If you like Star Wars your going to love this game it has land battles and space battles and also a campeign the quick action battles are really good if you want to play around with weapons or vechiles i would give it 9/10
My game is crashing ever since that update came
Todavia depende del css?-_-
Highly recomand to Total War fans or Warhammer fans or people that likes strategy
This game is simply awesome in all aspects. 11/10. A must buy.
ok.
amazing
this game is fun
just played a hour of it just love it  i laff ery tiem the sharks died :D
16 or so hours in I am really enjoying this - looks amazing , running flawlessly for my system - no issues / crashes / meltdowns ...Did initially  have an issue with Logitech controller not being recognised ... unplugged my Siatek Hotas and restarted game and worked from the get go. ) Just wanted to post a quick review to let potential buyers know its not all doom and gloom , glad  I pulled the trigger on this. World style and looks 10/10 Character style and looks - some old favorites and awesome new ones 9/10Weapon stance and mechanics 9/10Combat - sneaky bastids 10/10 Fun / fustrutation balance 10/10 Early on , personally for me with no system or crashing issues - its a solid 9 + Would 100% be deep fried trying to sneak past Dragon again :) 
Nice Game, good work GabeN
Finished it again and again. Pretty fun to come back and play through it again while forcing myself to use different loadouts. Great fusion of action points based planning with cooldown timer and real time action.(You get to activate a mode that freezes everything and allows you to plan moves, might not execute the way you want it exactly. Also a penalty of disabling all function use after activating said feature unless you have a modifier attached to a function. If you wonder what functions are, just think them as weapons you can use, and those weapons can also be used as a weapons modifier, tons of combinations to pummel everything in your way lul)
Please dont play this game, but if you do please dont put money on this. Please dont download and slam.
10/10Made by the same people who made Amnesia: The Dark Descent. This game is Amnesia, but better, longer, more puzzles, modernised (glowsticks, flashlight; shoddy one at that) and scary >:)Expect to die multiple times by spiders, dogs, naked men with umbilicle cords to their ♥♥♥♥ and rolling stones.You are a guy who is looking for his father who he never heard from since he was born, until his mother's death. You go to greenland to search for answers.$5 for this amazing series is well worth the money. Go and get it :D
A good game that gets you going and then finishes just to quickly. 3.4 hrs on record and i played it slowly. Buy it on special.
Very fun rts considering it is free you should get it
DayZ
anybody have no friends who have this gamewe can be friends and play together my steam is Bob
Bin playing this game and they just released multiplayer, has got lots of bugs but has an amzaing potential to be good in the future. If you like space space engineers this game is for you.
Ok, I've switched to a positive review now. I highly suggest picking this game up, now they've removed paid mods. BUT a note the Beth/Valve. Don't use paid mods EVER again, m'kay?
The core mechanics of the game are perfect apart from slight (I dont even think you could call them bugs) issues such as deleting braces which can be a little difficult but nothing game breaking. As of right now the only changes/updates that I feel need to happen are more maps, make the settings more detailed and NOTHING ELSE, THE GAME WORKS, PLEASE DO NOT CHANGE THE CORE, IT IS PERFECTTHANK YOU
You can throw melons at people.10/10
yep
yep
Became a suicide bomber 9/11
THE THERMAL DRILL, GO GET IT!
Beautiful
саветую играть всем лицам игра норм играйте все то без читов
Bought for 14 cents, trading cards were 15 cents altogether. GG Volvo plz do better maths thnx Gabe senpai
its beast
97% of players are complete cancer. buy it.
single player is a bit limited, but a good internet connection can grant you endless multiplayer addiction
2/10 not enough chicken breastI'm sorry
After the revolver update the game become so unbalanced,seems that the devs of the game don`t give a damn about the community ,changing the gameplay to be more like COD type where u can shoot a full clip of ak47 and dont give a damn about the recoil of the weapon .. u gotta love VOLVO <3<3 for all the hard working they`ve done to maintain the game balanced*sarcasm alert*..Let`s not forget about the previous update where they introduced the new in-game sounds and m4a1-s nerf.I hope they will realise the mistakes they`ve made and rebalance the game as soon as possible.♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥ Volvo
This game is terrible. I gave it 3.5 hrs of my life and could do no more.Aside from massive plot holes (how can your phone blow up storm vents?) the whole game feels way overhyped. Combat is boring and discovering the map almost feel pointless.The graphics and city were good though, sometimes there were little things that impressed me about the gameplay. But overrall was not enough to keep my interest.Get GTA V, my recommendation.
This Game Is For People That Like RockBut If You Don't Like I Think You Will Either Way
Charmingly terrible with ok graphics and nice visual designs (except for Garshasps face) mixed with horribly implemented hack and slash game mechanics and bad levels. Only really good thing about this is it's length (short).
This game is great! provided pointless monster blasting is your thing :)You should play it!
Fun But Harsh.
this is really good game to play with your friend you won't be disapointed if you buy this it has almost everthing we want for action side scroll  game the skill system co-op system overall this game is AWESOME  so buy it and let's go kick some alien butt :3
Great gamelove it to bitsit kills me (no pun intended) to give this game a bad reviewfirst things first, this is a great game, great combat system great world design, enemy design and is just overall brilliant.however, this is one of the WORST PC ports to date, in fact, i could even check the damage scaling on my weapons with plugging in my controller and pressing x on them. On top of that, sooooo many errors with the lock-on system (which is necessary if you want to play a caster build), some of the worst hitboxes i've ever seen, enemy ai problems and large problems with the rolling mechanic (which is neccessary to the game).I'm not saying this is a bad game, i just want you to know what you are getting when you buy this game
Wonder puzzle game, very fun and confusing to play. Great story line as well.
get it.
PUT DISPENSER HERE !!!!!
Very fun game, but very difficult. Great nostalgia for the classics.
SWEET GAME See it| Combat Arms weomse frist person shooter!
If you are into strategy, then buy this game, it is a simple as that
Great game
is really good game but toxic community
Muito bom.
If you are a person who does not like to lose everything from the slightest mistake or just a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ move, this is not the game for you.........In a lovely open 8-bit game where you could think things are easy then you find a path then a grenade happy medusa comes out of no where to kill you, then the biggest thing happens........ you start over again.                                     Think before playing this game and be familliar with W-S-A-D movement......ENJOY!
Im loving this game so much right now. This game takes the concept of super smash bros. (Punching people sensless until they disintegrate into nothingness) And spins it on its head. Basically instead of having an arrange of set moves you get 2 different weapons. This varies from character to character. I.e, Orion: Spear + Rocket propelled lance. You still have a predertermained attack patteren with light attacks. Signature moves (Heavy attacks) are different. They vary from person to person as well.Pros:-Addicting-Premium currency is for cosmetics that dont aid you-Free-Satisfying-Different game modes (custom game)-Controller support-Very easy to runCons:-Premium currency is used-No Australian servers yetThis game is simply amazing, and its still in early access!
Tis game is great
this is one of the best games i have played it is fun
it fun
If you have steam and you dont have this... then you need to get it.
Nearly cried because I didn't know how the game worked at first and tarr killed all of my slimes 10/10Real talk though, this game is amazing. It brought me happiness during a little bit of a hard time, which is amazing cause I sometimes stay in funks like those for a long time. They took an odd concept and executed it wonderfully for such an early game. There's a lot to do and different risks such as not having enough food, slimes escaping at the early net stage and those evil tarr slimes. There is also great reward, smiling slimes, a feeling of completing objectives you've set for yourself and just all in all happy times. Can't wait to see what else they add to the game. New slimes? New areas? New fruit? Maybe even different species of tarr. Buy this if you want a fun indie game to screw around with and can keep coming back to. 10/10 for reals
Sooooooooooooo much FUN! And its FREE!
i like this game But there is ton of bug now so don't be surprise
I went into this game to be a mediocre indie nuclear survival game. I was wrongThe graphics are visually pleasing and game has never crashed on me. The scavenging and random events system feels good. It has the right number of both events and items so to make neither annoying that you're required to make hundreds of choices or boring due to lack of action. The notes at the end of each day is a nice touch.Apart from the minor bugs, I don't have any serious complaints about this game. Strong recommendation
Awesome game, I highly recommend this game for anybody that are fans of TF2 type gameplay, And my favourite feature, customisable guns!
good game
(y)
Looks really cool I wish it worked seen some good stuff!
The game started off as awesome. I can remember the times when you progress into new teirs and levels, unlocking different armours, weapons, and utilities. This was great fun up to this point - until alll of a sudden - the updates happened. The diversity of different tiers and levels, dissapeared - the uniqueness of designs, gone - The all-round game play, terrible.What made this game so bad in the end, was the fact that they decided to take all the hard work, grinding, and time off all the users, and just deleted it. Sent everyone back to an abysmal tech tree which made a level 100 and a level 1 the same sturdiness (armour wise). And the devs didnt even refund those who lost their hard earned robots.The development team needs to recognise that what they are/have done has turned a great oppurtunity into a train wreck. This CAN CLEARLY BE SEEN IN REVIEWS. Unless drastic restorations to the game are conducted. YOU WILL NOT ENJOY THIS GAME.
Had my eyeballs gouged out by an eagle, before being killed by a rhino. Yeah 10 cheeky buggers out of 10.
This game, apart from some questionable decisions from the tf2 devs, is the most fun I've ever had in a video game
Messing around with the Density, Mass, etc. is pretty fun when you can accelerate the time and see the results. The collision of two Solar Systems is definitely among one of my favourites
Rust is a gr8 game i got this game after playing alot of skyrim and i dont really play skyrim much anymore the variety is gr8 and the pvp is awesome. I definitely recommend this game!
Goooooood Gooood Gooood
Thought I would dislike it, initially played on boyf's account.  Then bought it for my own account because it's an abolutely amazing enjoyable addictive timesink with a simple but effective story and weirdly fun gameplay.  Proved to me I should give a game a chance first, not take it at face value.
Overkill removed microtransactions.
Laggy, boring and bland.
it will not launchplease fix this
I love how you can charge money for the toilets. 10/10 but I so can't wait for RollerCoaster Tycoon World to Release!
Family fun for all.
♥♥♥♥ merda que a steam nao que reembolsa
played it with a friend and most kills were accidentally killing each other10/10
Story is pretty good at the start but expect dissappointment at the end of the game! fighting combat is similar to Batman arkham asylum and city. where as the overall gameplay is much like assassins creed, however its not a bad thing because the game does offer upgrades on skills and weaponary so the flow of combat is not always the same. The stealth is way to easy aswell like orcs are just way too stupid and the attract button makes the game way to easy.  The nemesis system is good either having like your own army withing the system or let the orcs fight themselves within the system and see how they progress within the army. Final verdict its alot of fun! messing around with the orcs the brutal final blow kills are brutal! and having to choose to stealth or run in like a maniac always keeps the game fun and entertaining i was just dissapointed with the story of the game.
Grande Scott
fun
A really fun and addicting game to play. a bit unbalanced at  the moment (its much easier to win as thief) but still really cool it does take a while to get the hang of.
All i can say is DEFINATLY RECOMMEND now let me get back to beating this giant frog up with my mortar.
lyk dis game is da best, its lyk ♥♥♥♥, big fat oprah ♥♥♥♥!
best game imo
one of the best steam punk games on the marketnot really much more to say.
This is a great action packed game with great graphics!  It has three game modes including single and co op campaign with 6 different races. The campaign can be set on easy, normal, hard and very hard.  The second game mode is multiplayer. You can also choose of 6 different races and their costume colors. You can do many different things on multiplayer, for e.g: 1v1, 2v2, 3v3 etc. But my personal favourite is Last Stand. You can choose out of 6 races (or 7 if you have dlc) and can the play on two different maps. You play with three different people and as you gain more experience you can make your character stronger by giving him armor, weapons, and traits and abilities. You should seriously think about getting this game!
Such an Epic game! It\'s fast-paced and intense, but getting 100% on a song is very satisfying. One of my favorite songs to play on it is the "William Tell Overture". The ups and downs of that music suits Beat Hazard perfectly, and can be a real challenge!
CONGAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
thanks to surgeon simulator i got the confidence i needed to get my masters degree in medicine. 10/10
sim émuito bom para carrrrrralho
This is a game that is just Fantastic to play with your friends or with others, the workshop is also pretty top and just creating random stuff is a blast!
good co-cop fun ce_ maps are escape, co-op vs zombies and dead players, ch_ is hunt were you vs other players to see who is last one standing if u die u still play but as zombie, and cx_ is extraction were you work together to save other NPC survivers.
Awesome game. It is really fun! surviving the pirates on the islaand.
Easily one of the best games I have ever played, awesome FPS with a great story (the best story in the whole wolfenstein series) for a super satisfying shoot em' up!
I have spent over 200 hours on this game and it still have fun gameplay to offer. The modder community is creative and wacky
Much better game than Gearbox's Colonial Marines, Three campaigns Alien, Predator, and marines and great multiplayer. Unlike Gearbox. Rebellion knows how make a great Aliens (and Predator!) game, so go grab you Pulse rifle and LETS ROCK!!
Chivalry is a great game and theres not much games like this around, I mean steam is over saturated with generic shooters that are not really unqiue in there own right, but chivalry studies the likes of the medievil times and the medievil times hasn't really been done in video games all that much,I mean you couldn't really count the elder scrolls games as medievil because there not there fantasy but back to chivalry, chivalry has some awesome gore splattering gameplay, some pretty good graphics and chivalry is just all around fun, if I could name some cons about chivalry it would be that In my opinon the price point is asking for a bit too much I mean you've got games like counter strike global offensive and garry's mod that's only 15 bucks and packs like a mind boglging amount of content, but Chivalry also has a bit of learning curve which is not a bad thing but it's just something to consider, Chivalry is an amazing game it's not perfect but it's a game you should definetly consider letting into your steam libary if you can find Chivalry on sale on steam definetly pick it up if you can you will not regret it (seriously you won't) it scores a 9/10 dismembered heads.
v good
This game is addicting as hell. I would love a multiplayer deathmatch mode.
This game is really awesome and fun
I recommend getting this game because it is super amazing!! Playing with friends and randoms has never been so much fun. Different types of gamemodes and more laughter each time you play it. Get it now!! :)
Portal is a great game and gives a good amount of fun and brain teasing to the user
When im low on your mom jokes this is the game to play to stock up
been playing this game for a few years, very solid. loving the frequency of updates and map additions. 10/10
I loved this game completed it in around 2-3 days. I was dissapointed in this as I didn't have much time to 'connect' with the game as its only around 4 hours long. Odysseus: Long Way Home is a hidden-object game with a few other puzzle's included. The graphics wern't bad and the cutscene's made great screenshot opportunities. The hidden object scene's were fairly challenged but it got a bit repetative. I found the puzzle's  a little challenging and fun but there wasn't as much as I'd hoped there was. This is a great game to pass the time when you have nothing to do.
Beautifully simple game. There are a lot of zombie survival sims these days but Unturned is currently on the top of my list. Why? Because it's so simple. There isn't the stress of other multiplayer survival games where your heart gets pumping at the slightest hint of a human player. If you die, you collect again. And you don't feel defeated doing so. I cant wait for future updates for this game. Right now its just got the basics, and its already so fun. And its FREE. I have bought gold for this game, simply because I felt like supporting the developer. But you dont have to pay to win. I highly recomend this game.
ótimo jogo jogabilidade incrivel, mistura fps com um toque de humor e personagem muitos bem elaborado.
Best Third-Person-Shooter Game ITs funny because your little tiny robots and no human cares XD 10/10
This game is full of psychopath human hating people. Yes I recommend it
it a really fun game it just needs more guns than just the normal troop weapons so i say 19/20
This game is AWESOME yet very challenging.1. i found there was quite a tough learning curve to the combat and working the camera.2. i died like constantly until i got the hang of this and then started to really have fun and made it to the 4th level.i feel quite bad for the game since its had alot of bad reviews that i think it really doesnt deserve.the gameplay is soooo fun beautiful art 5/5 considering buying copies for friends
Great fun.
fun single player get if just for single player
Awsome game! must get it
♥♥♥♥ing garbage game, unless you want to spend countless hours micro managing every game to have a your units screw up and let 20 romanian division cut right through the center of your reich to Berlin. Don't get this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t ♥♥♥ excuse for a game, It is NOT fun like any other game released by Paradox Interactive. The in game tools are a poor excuse and will fail you at every given opportunity. This game WILL ♥♥♥♥ your wallet.
I can't run this game with my Mac.I don't know why but I'm always crashed after the tutorial of this game
This game is a fun adventure game set in a huge 2D world. Hope you enjoy!
classic
Very good Game!! My Favourite of the Arma series! Very good Graphics and very good weapon systems!
Brütal Legend is fantastic! As a metal fan myself, I'm totally into the focus on metal music throughout the game. Jack Black does a fantastic job at giving life to the character Eddie, and the appearance of Ozzie Osbourne is very amusing too. Full of action (the gore option is hilarious) and great comedic dialogue. Awesome game, would totally recommend to anyone with a metal edge or a fan of Jack Black's!
The game is fun. Invite friends over and take turns getting killed in visceral, blood-splashing 8-bit detail. The game might not be for everyone; if you don't like pixel art games, if you don't like killing people, if you don't like trippy 80s inspired psychaedelic visuals or collecting animal masks, then this game might not be for you. It's fun, it's fast, it's infuriating and, importantly, it's rewarding.For only $10, Hotline Miami is a bloody steal.
Fun yes
Medieval mode, though stolen, is amazing. WARYERS UNITE!
This has got to be the most best game and series of the red faction games and i have played the first and second red faction then after completing them and armagedon and started playing this and getting through most of the game i have just loved the entire series and I just know that anyone else who plays the games will love them as well.
Difficult but quite satisfying Turn based RPG..More for veterans of this style of game(it sort of assumes you've played this type of game before), it's worth the time put into it, some didnt like it but I liked the challenges.Storyline is pretty decent, some nice voice acting all the way through.
Awesome Game!!!
this game is by far the best indie game aver created. there is a plethora of weapons, armours, enemies and bosses to defeat, craft and collect. and i wont forget there are PETS, YAY
If you haven't heard of this game you aren't worthy of PC gaming. If you have played it/play it you are an absolute god!
I have spent so much time playing this game readying my troops for the final mission and this game is SO AWESOME 10/10 would play again
my friend bought me this game i swear!
Execellent! This is AoS 2 Guys !
One word: SANDVICH!
This is the best game I have ever played (i have played the last of us) This game needs to recieve more love. It is so emotional and the Story is amazing and I cannot stop thinking about it. I give it a 9/10. I no the last of us recieved a 10/10 but that is increibly high for it because the gameplay was so short. This game gives a on_going rush and you cannot wait for what is going to happen.
This sucks more then Fan4stic, and that is saying a lot
This game is the equivalent of tying a rope around your neck
THIS GAME IS AWESOME
When you die you leave a crate behind with a ♥♥♥♥ on it. 10/10
Great game, very similer to Smash bros brawl also looks a but like tynker if anyone even knows what that is.
As far as early access games go, I have to say you want to jump on board this one as soon as possible. Graphics, Gameplay, level design and even well designed AI make this game a hell of a good BETA. It will leave you with generally only one main complaint, and thats content.Now of course content will be lacking in an early access title, but grip has managed to create an experience where, even though there is only three maps for racing at the moment, each race will leave you with a different opinoin. This is thanks to level design, incorporating the abillity to drive up walls, take side paths (both of which are usually drasticly different) and landing good items and benefital positions.The Kaos of the race, explosions everywhere while you narrowly avoid rocks and ramps wizzing past you, while dust sprays from the back of your tires all the while trying to keep an eye out of the player infront of you, makes this game really really fun. If you apreciate the intencity of a race, this is perfect for youLong story short, you will pick up this game thinking "This game has so much potential", and at this rate, I think it would be pretty hard to screw up.
sitting here...ramming trees with cars 10/10
great game for F1 fans, hard at first but get better through the season
AV – 10.0 | 8.2 | 12.6 | 15.2 | 7.8 | 0.2 | 17.9 | 6.9 | 21.1 | 3.7 | 21.2 | 20.4 | 10.7 – Connection Lost
this game is a great game but it has its faults, i cant seem to log into the game server so i havent been able to play this game. althrough the graphics for this game our amazing
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
Injugable
Great concept, but extremely bad execution.What was fun: social aspect and level of co-op either with friends and matchmaking (sometimes).What wasn't: unprofessional dev attitude, rushed release hence bugs, glitches, and hackers. To top it off, loot system is extremely broken.Avoid this on PC, hackers galore. Developers have had no concrete response to tackling hackers. In fact hackers have no fear playing this and posting their hacking videos on YT. Developers enforce a 3 day ban followed by permanent ban but are being circumvented by hackers simply changing their names. Glitching has been rampant for a while now, and no actions have been taken to resolve this issue also, which means most people are OP in PvP. There are also so many bugs relating to connection, the quality of servers are intermittent at best, while several of the talents do not even work. In fact, sometimes they are the oppostite. The attitude of Ubisoft and Massive are: close threads down of anyone posting any negative feedback, while communicating the absolute minimum: the silence indicates that this game is in trouble. The fact that vendor blueprints are more exciting that loot drops is alone a sign of a completely broken game.I thought I'd be proven wrong by forking out early and getting the GOLD and Season pass, but I regret this. Apart from the extremely brief social co-op experience this game provided, the only other positive that I've gotten out of this game is to never every buy a game and season pass that Massive/Ubisoft have laid their dirty little fingers on.
A great game. I found the story the be fairly well written and easy to follow, despite a few certain twists. I found the fighting very basic, yet at the same time, you could chain all your moves and feel like a total badass. You do not have to complete any of the side quests, and most of them are pretty useless. Overall i found the game to be a fun and enjoyable title.
10/10Would build again.
Dear Re-Logic CONGRADULATIONS on making a spectacular game that has graced millions of players with its presence including meTerraria a 2-d platformer with survival,crafting and battle integrated into it has made the game become one of the most successful games i have come to know as well as the entire gaming community. Terraria has endless possibilities with its designing features and combat. You can design a multilevel mansion, or a medieval castle. or even a UFO now with the recent 1.3 update added to the game. You can pick up a laser drill and terraform and entire biome for anything you desire, or you could pick up the legendary last prism and become Terrarias next Merlin.Terraria is a game for all ages and is thorughly enjoyable. If you enjoy 2-D platformers as well as endless building and combat choices. Terraria is for you.Just remember your imagination is the limit for all sorts of funi rate this game a 9.5/10
Very unique game, requires alot of patience and knowledge to pass a level. Only buy this game over Hitman: Absolution if you want a more realistic experience.
v fun v spicy i lik
great game 8/10
The McDonald’s we’ve known for more than half a century is changing. Whether due to shifting market trends or a mid-life identity crisis, the Golden Arches has decided to completely reinvent itself as an upmarket restaurant chain. It’s a bold new direction for the company with a focus on premium ingredients, dine-in perks and customer creation via “Build-A-Burger” touch screens. Yesterday, we tested the fancy new service at its maiden store in Castle Hill, NSW. The results exceeded our wildest expectations.The McDonald’s we’ve known for more than half a century is changing. Whether due to shifting market trends or a mid-life identity crisis, the Golden Arches has decided to completely reinvent itself as an upmarket restaurant chain. It’s a bold new direction for the company with a focus on premium ingredients, dine-in perks and customer creation via “Build-A-Burger” touch screens. Yesterday, we tested the fancy new service at its maiden store in Castle Hill, NSW. The results exceeded our wildest expectations.Study the above photo. It doesn’t look like your typical Macca’s fare, does it? Remove the tell-tale cup and it could almost be a burger from a glitzy steak house or high-end pub. What you’re looking at is a bespoke burger packed with an Angus beef patty, lettuce, tomato, egg, smoked Applewood bacon, red onion rings, jalapenos, grilled mushrooms, chilli jam and no less than four types of cheeses. (Yep, I went all in and I don’t regret a thing — but more on that later.)This is what McDonald’s wants to become in Australia and it’s pulling out all the stops to make it happen. While the service is currently only available in a single Castle Hill outlet, the company is embarking on a nation-wide roll out over the next two years. Consider it the final step in McDonald’s hipster gentrification (hipsterfication?) — a process that arguably started with the Angus and M Selection range.So how does it work? If you just want to grab a quick ‘n’ dirty Big Mac, McDonald’s will still cater to you via the usual ordering process. However, there’s also a touch screen kiosk where customers can get a whole lot fancier. There are several ready-built deluxe burgers to choose from, although the emphasis is firmly on customer creation.There are more than 30 ingredients to choose from, including two types of buns, four kinds of cheese, two types of bacon and a range of specialty toppings including grilled pineapple, guacamole, beetroot, grilled mushrooms and a range of gourmet sauces. Handily, the display automatically tallies the kilojoule count of your order after you’ve added all the toppings.The touch screen interface has been built to impress: it’s large, responsive and easy to navigate with visual representations of all the available ingredients. With the possible exception of geriatric Luddites, the UI shouldn’t give customers any trouble. (Trained staff are hovering nearby just in case you have any questions.) You can also order standard menu items from the touch screen, which means you don’t have to split from your lunch partner if they just want a Quarter Pounder.Once you’ve made your selection you can pay for it instantly via an inbuilt credit card terminal. You’re then presented with a receipt and invited to sit down as your meal is freshly prepared. It will then be served to you on a dinky wooden platter. (Plastic trays are for bogans, dontcha know.)The new menu doesn’t look like fast food and it doesn’t act like it either: waiting times are significantly longer than McDonald’s customers are accustomed to. It took close to 15 minutes for my order to arrive by which point I was completely famished. Mind you, this is fairly typical for a non-fast-food burger so I won’t begrudge them too much.Just be aware that you might be in for an even lengthier wait during peak meal times. The manager I spoke to admitted that things can slow to a crawl when lots of bespoke orders come in at once. If your time is limited, our advice is to show up at least an hour before the lunch/dinner crowd.When my burger finally arrived, I was immediately impressed with the size and construction. If the ready-made options are anything like this, we may have the first perfect Takeaway Truth score on our hands. But looks can be deceiving. For as long as anyone can remember, McDonald’s has been synonymous with cheap, bland food. Would this be more of the same with a higher price tag?The answer is an emphatic no. Without a shadow of a doubt, this is the best McDonald’s burger I’ve tasted by a significant margin. It may even be my favourite fast food burger, period. The combination of familiar Macca’s meat and gourmet toppings went together wonderfully. My only reservation is that it was a bit hard to eat due to its massive size. Annoyingly, McDonald’s doesn’t include plastic cutlery with orders unless you ask.Apart from that tiny caveat, I really don’t have anything mean to say about this burger or the upscale service that spawned it. Would I pay $30 for a version with the lot? Of course not. But for $15 or so, this is a perfectly acceptable meal — attractive, delicious and so very filling.In conclusion, McDonald’s has clearly realised it needs to adapt with the times and it is moving confidently in the right direction. Fast food just got a serious upgrade. Colour us excited.
now i dont usally write reviews to games but this is beond belief. the models are clearly re-textured from earlier arma games. and there are only like 20 vehicles in game, and most of them you have to pay extra money to have them. seriously , why buy $50 for a game thats going to ask for more money for less stuff. the only good thing in the game is the charecter customizer and thats not much to be cared for.
Solid 24hrs of funDecent graphics, funny and smooth
Lots of fun. BUY IT :D
Amazing Game Lots of cool Missions and mods like Dayz vey fun with groups of friends highly recommed for people looking for a hardcore challange.
Zomg, must get, tons of cool items and a fairly good community. Loads of updates to keep the game fresh.
Wanted to like it but i just found it boring
This is amzing
Good fun, dubstep and stuff 10/10
i sp00ked too hard.
Buy it if you like any of the following:Video Games
so. good
An amazing game that has improved over the years
New refunds on steam available, go and get your money back and save for the bad rats sequel9/11
i love it, it as action science fiction and aliens.  :)
very bad
B3st Gaem evar would suicide b4 touching controlls again9/11
i sell ababies to people through this game 10\\10
very good
This game used to be a fun game with an even playing feild but now it is a crappy game with no where near a fair playing feild. For all the conspiracy theorist  out there that want proof of UFO's come play some war thunder plenty of UFO's here. But seriously the grind in this game is by far the ♥♥♥♥♥est I have ever seen. It takes sooooo long to get one plane or tank. The game is almost forcing you to go premium just to progress through the tech tree. If only the devs listened to us.. and wearn't a pack of greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥. Also devs the AAA isn't a s500 missile defence system so nerf em a little ffs. I can honestly say that I have wasted 400 hours on this game. So whoever is reading this save yourself the disk space, net usage and time and put some hours into a game that deserves it.
for everyone tempted to buy cs go... DON'T TRUST ME YOU WILL SAVE YOURSELF OF ALL THE GREIF
My oh my...This game is one of a kind!Firstly, This game Is a beutifal First person shooter. It really tells a great story and has great sound.Secondly, The shooting is quite realistic and theres you way you will hit every headshot.Thirdly, This isnt cod, It is Call of Juarez Gunslinger, It is a superb game and should be alot more popular.PROS-------ThemeShootingGraphicsPriceStoryLevel up systemCONS------Multiplayer--------Note, this game is beutifal and dont hate it because its a great gameOVERALL RATING------------------9/10
the game is broken i have wasted 6 dollars on the new update for u to guarentied one crate/weapon
it's a great game i recamend getting it
its a great game and as you can see by the amount of time i have played on it I really enjoy it.
MOST BADASS GAME EVER!!! AND IF YOU LOVE GAMES LIKE GTA THAT YOU STEAL THIS IS THE ONE YOU ARE LOOKING FOR BECAUSE ITS GTA V HEISTS IN 1ST PERSON SHOOTING!!
Good game if you like robbing banks, killing cops and randomly leveling up.
Es épico, épico!!...como el pishi Batman. :)
Its A Really Nice Game And The First Season Was The Only Game That Made Me Actually Sad Anyways The Second Season Is Also Very Good So Far I Love The Story The Interaction And Pretty Much Everything About It So Buy Both If You Can Or You Can Decide
It tells me how my brand new computer is better than my last one! 10/10 would benchmark again!
People who dislike this game are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s
Horror,Survival it is an amazing game! Although quite challanging it has alot of game time.
Yet a another bland pile of junk. That's all there is to it.
Nice Banter is bad at fallout 4
A game you can do almost nothing in. Unless of course you have got a licence ;)
Funniest game I've ever played.
Fistful Of Frags How Do I Put This.....GET IT!!29/10
Campaign is way too short!!!!!!!Its great but campaign is WAY TOO SHORT!!!You pay over $50 for a game you expect more than 8hrs of campaign!I recommend this to COD die-hards.....
You are Wilson Percival Higgsbury.(or whoever you chose) Stranded on an island, you have to hunt for food and make a fire before night comes. Unlock characters, fight spiders, get killed by Beefalo in heat!Kill a giant deer cyclops or be killed by that giant deer cyclops!Get killed by a bee! Non-poisonous lethal spiders! Man-spiders! Actress vikings! Strongmen with a fearof the dark! Giant spider queen egg-nest-thingies! Never-spoiling Twinkies! This game is nothing like minecraft! Or terraria! Great game. I'd give it a 9.9/10, mainly because i can't survive with mods. But hey! 10/10 anyways! But yeah, this game is as worth your money as most people perceive Ocarina of Time. But If you DON'T like OOT, then it's still VERY worth ya money! Bored with the game?REIGN OF GIANTS!BADGER BEARS! DRAGON FLIES! GOOSES!.... mooses? GMOOSES!MODS!YEAH!10.5/10.
good game 10/10 will rage again
Half of the hours I spent in-game were on surf.
do NOT buy this game, just don't. If you like AC games, play any of the far better original ones, like AC brotherhood, if you are new to AC games, don't let this poor mockery ruin your view of the series. EVERYTHING has been sacrificed to make it co op. Combat has finally been made slightly harder, but is now ruined due to parries and dodges working maybe 50% of the time, and having common street brawlers fight better than an assassin is pretty pathetic. the renowned fps issues and other strange glitches are really just another layer of incompitence on top of the already poor excuse for an AC game. Ubisoft, go back to Brotherhood, everything in that game is better than unity is today, and that game is many years old already
I struggled a lot with this game early on finding where I needed to go was a bit hard but this game is a very fun expirence for fans of MMOs the targeting system is possibly the best i've ever seen I totally recommend it for a fun time.
Obra prima
Getting driven over every 30 secs in online 10/10 will play again
One of da best free to play games out dere.
"It\'s like pornography had sex with my wife," stated Mr. Lee Johnson from the New York Times.
Better than diablo 3
I love this game so much, it is truly fun but it saddens me when i see all these bad reviews. Most likely made by people who were killed and lost all there gear
This is by far the best Fallout game yet.
SAGOIIII
This game is my best experience ever! I love playing and learning it! Definately my favorite game!
♥♥♥♥ all ♥♥♥♥
i would reccomend to the stratergy fans out there very fun
Is gud
This game is truely amazing. Sure, it's occasionally buggy, and the graphics are rather dated but its insane length and drawing story which involves you making choices that effect the late game is incredible! 9/10 from me!
If you are kind of person that likes sci-fi and strategy? Well this game is perfect for you! I really enjoy playing this game so much that after playing I still keep thinking that I was there in the ship itself fighting the rebels, pirates and some confused aliens! Plus the game is cheap. Worth the money in buying the game. Eventhought the game may not have the over the edge graphics but they have their own art style that fits with its gameplay. Don't forget the music soundtrack they are awesome!
I recommend DayZ standalone for all action and adventure content
hot .. 10/10 can see space
looks bad but is actually good
I've had a few hours of gameplay and I heavily enjoyed it but crashes and launcher errors prevent me from playing the game. The game itself is not problem, it's the launcher that can't seem to do anything without getting an error. I reinstalled three times to no avail and it has become frustrating. I would love to recommend this game but until Zenimax get their act together and solve these launcher issues (that have been plaguing users since release) I won't be doing that.
Fun game but features one dimesional characters and is essentially a Call of Duty clone.
It is a great game to play with family and friends and can be quite funny.
10/10 would bang- IGN
This game is not worth playing anymore, ranking system is ♥♥♥♥ed now, I loose one game and instant derank, weapons have been tampered with too much, smurfs are everywhere etc.Sure use to be a good game, but CSGO has had its face ♥♥♥♥♥ed on for 2016
Bloody awesome game. Drifting, Racing, Crashin 'n bashin... its all here
gg
A really grat game. It is great if u like stealth or if u dont like stealth much then u can just go and kill everybody that tries to stop you. Amazing story, great gameplay, and overall just amazing. 96/100
♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥ house game
This game has too much replayability between the rooms, items, bosses, and endings. Much like the first only better.
Thought this game was online co-op. It wasn't. Also I am in the progress of refunding this game and lm gonna get 50% of what I payed for. What.Goodbye $13.50 buckaroonies.
good/glitchy
WastelandDriving around and found the only tank in the server.Got in the Tank.Was driving around completing objectives.Hit a bush at 80KPH.Flew into orbit.Waited a while.Came out of orbit.Landed on the roof of a house, fine.Drove off the house and landed upside down.Got out.Shot by a sniper 886 metres away.10/10 Would orbit again.
Waited 3+ Minutes for training still didn't load Alt+F40/10
Very Very fun!
this is by far my favourite cod game. the zombies mode is just phenominal and have spent over 200 hours playing it. i definitey recommend this game and give zombies a 9/10
I dont need to review the game because you can see that in the other comments, one thing i will mention, because people always jump to conclusions is how awesome the developers such as Joel Huenik are. Yes this game has been in development for years and is still in alpha, but it's not a cash grab! Visit youtube and search Joel Huenik's chanel, every single week for the past 2 months he has posted videos about the progress and upcoming features of the game while also answering forum questions with a Q&A video. While people complain about it being poorly optimised i have not yet had any problems with it however, A15 is focusing on optimisation while adding loads of new content, the console release was a bit buggy, but the devs have already fixed the bugs but cannot patch it because they are waiting for playstation to give them the all clear, all this is explained by Joel himself.The game is fantastic, and i look forward to every video and every new patch / Alpha that comes out, so if you're into survival games, this is one done right!Check out Joels videos for yourself!https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFrUPm0uNQgiPRos3TYOpEA
GET THIS GAME UNLESS YOU ARE A POOFTER
This is the game that makes me wonder what im doing in life..........10/10!!!!!!!
Friggin Fantastic! Should buy this game great story, characters, setting, weapons and much more! :)
Great Game 10/10 fun to play with and against friends!
Doesn't even launch...
Its Free.That's all I can say.
dota 2 is a nice game. haha
I can't believe that the Season Pass just didn't live up to my expectations. Out of the three DLC packs that come with this game, only the Far Harbor DLC campaign had a decent load of content, that's somewhat enjoyable to my perspective. However, that isn't going to stop me from recommending other people to avoid buying the Season Pass of Fallout 4.When you look back into the downloadable content that is seen from both Fallout 3 and Fallout: New Vegas, they actually provided a hefty load of replayability and fun factor with the DLC campagins coming from both these games. It's definately no doubt that I've enjoyed a lot with Fallout 3 and Fallout: New Vegas in terms of the standalone games and the downloadable content.At least for me, I was able to buy the Season Pass of Fallout 4 on its initial price of almost 30 US dollars before Bethesda Softworks suddenly increased the price to almost 50 US dollars for some reason which I don't get.But take it from me, if you are really going to purchase the downloadable content from Fallout 4, it is wise to think ahead first if it's really worth it to consider buying Fallout 4's DLC.
Good DLC adds nice easy to use guns but the price is a little bit high
um bom jogo pra quem quer perder a paciencia, pra quem gosta de um jogo hardcore que nem eu, esse ta apelao d+ na metade da 3 temporada os bots parecem que tem nitro infinito e mesmo vc tendo todos os melhoramentos eles te superam para um jogo que deveria ser realistico dou uma NOTA 6 afinal do que adianta ter especificaçoes dos carros se elas nao mudam nada.
Dota 2 > LoL
best game out! love it, would like for it to be remade just the way it is right now, with dedicated servers!
Absolutely amazing, endless fun and never boring. worth every dollar
This game is SERIOUSLY worth getting. It is the best carnage car game I have ever played. It is really realistic and absolutely 200% fun. If you like to smash the absolute crap out of everything, then this is the game for you. The only words I think I can best describe this game by is. Entertaining, Satisfying, Wonderful. It is awesome. I recommend this game to anyone who likes racing games, and if they love it, Demolition Derby games. I know I barg alot about it, but I only do that because there is a hell of a lot to brag about. And its still being developed. I say good work. I love this game. 10/10.
My review of Shadow Warrior:Killed hordes of demons, birdmen that shoot fire and machine-gun wielding samuraisGot killed by a killer demon bunny11/10 would get killed by demon bunny again.No but seriously, this game is bloody damn awesome.
Bigger waste of money than a gym membership.
awesomenaughts is a fantastic game one of the funnest iv ever played i sugest you buy it straight away
Good game. The VAC errors have gotten increasingly bad though, hard to play now.
Quirky game with much button mashing.
this is amazing
8/10 too much water
It might not look as good when you first see it, but once you play it, it becomes really fun and addicting
Fun quirky game - reminds me of nethack for some weird reason.Looks simple but is really quite difficult.
ORION: Dino Horde is by far my favourite MMO to date. I think the idea to the creation of the game was to just put every cool thing about every online multiplayer game and just mix it into a wibbly wobbly ball of awesomeness. a MUST get!!!
so much zoombies ever and have a good story.
es bkn el juego
BEST EVER BYE IT OR DIE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! HAHAHAAHAHHAAHAHAHA
Feels like gaming
Nice and fast game!
One Word    Amazing
A very good game, even though it is free !
An Awesome Game. You will love it
Basically Dead Island v2.Better graphics, good voice acting, story just good enough.The parkour system here is on par if not better than Assassin\'s Creed but in firrst person. Everything is fluid and simple.The combat is less "rewarding", the early weapons suck even more than in Dead Island and progression is a bit slow. You\'re punished via Stamina much more heavily.There\'s a better leveling system (think Oblivion) you gain XP is different categories as you just run around and kill things (agility/combat/survival), the skill trees have depth.The performance is ok. It gets really bad outdoors (40~) and even those on high end SLI 980GTX\'s are reporting the same frame rates. Needs some patches for performance, but I haven\'t noticed any in-game bugs so far.Co-Op actually works. I dropped-in games fine, and people dropped-in mine. Night time allows for PVP (someone can attack you as hunter), but you can turn off this mode if you get annoyed. Online can be set to private, friends, public or off.I haven\'t played enough to give this a score.
For those that like the extra dimention for sandbox building this is the game for you. Even in early access as the game is it is worth the investment.
teh guns go pew pew 10/10
yeah
This game is amazing, you can choose to play it just about however you want, the map is expansive, the enemies are the same strength as you forcing you to rely on skills. Aside from one regularly occuring crash, the only bugs I encounter are just plain hilarious and actually make the game more enjoyable. I only purchased this game not even a week ago and im already at 24 hours of playing I think. Considering the features which apparently are planned, this game will be one of those ones you just wont get sick of.
good
If you play minecraft.... but cant be bothered to build you just wanna fight and you realise that minecraft to actually have fun when fighting is to have mods..... youve come to the right place...... this has building and rpg elements and has a really cleverly designed player progression and  has a really fun end game with tonnes of high damage dealing monsters and weapons....... oh and bosses......Are you up to the challenge?
THX GABEN I WASTED ALL MY MONEY ON CASESAND WHAT I GOT IS ♥♥♥♥
Fun game but to easy. Recommended to low skill level players.
Would be great if the game actually worked.
very great game buy it!
You ♥♥♥♥♥s like to rob some cash? Help some sicko to help his pathetic army?, OR help these people to interfere with the goverment activity? Well you might of came to the right place. Its good i mean yeah and its just has really cool weapons and missions.
Amazing!
♥♥♥♥!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
Best stradegy game i have played in a long time, especially for a ww2 one . I play it every time i go on steam and although i havn't completed the campaign (because some of the levels are VERY hard, and rely on you previous level) i still love the game....Can't wait till number 2 comes out !!!
10/10 Best FPS game out there! Used more than $100 for cases and keys only got blues!
My name is Mayo but I have Nomayo
FTL: faster than light is a brilliantly designed, albeit rather unforgiving, space-themed, roguelike strategy game. It may take some getting used to, but if you do have the patience and are willing to repeat events, then it is a must. 8/10
So much fun with others
Excellent Game
(OLD Review)very cool a bit like minecraft but in space and not pixellated and blocky but still the building items are based of a block except some of them.
its ok
Rainbow Poop 11/10
Great game Reccomend buying on sale really fun time waster 
this game dosnt let me play you guys need to fix
I have nothing better to do with my time, so here is a review for Need For Speed: Hot Pursuit.I\'m not gonna lie, but the gameplay is actually pretty decent, you play as a cop driving in your Lamborghini cop car at 200 km/h smashing other cars until they get "busted", (which is an overstatement as their wreck of a car rolls over 5 times and off a cliff seems pretty much like murder to me) or as a racer, trying to avoid getting wrecked by the police or other cars and getting across the finish line.The graphics are pretty nice for a 2010 game, the cars look nicely detailed and the shadows and reflections look superb too, the only thing lacking is the anti-aliasing, which kinda ruins some details of the game. The driving in this game feels a bit weighted, and the handling feels like you are trying to steer a bathtub with wheels. The drifting is pretty bad, as tapping the handbrake sends you in a slight drift that sometimes can be hard to get out and send you into a car, or tapping too much or holding the handbrake sends your car spinning out. The driving only missions where you have to do nothing but drive your car to the finish are way too long and tedious, and you will probably spend most of your time doing these, as they take 4-5 minutes, and you have to do them anyway to unlock more missions. After you complete these missions, you may feel like you don\'t want to play anymore as you spent 5 minutes of your life just driving a god damn car like you would in real life (unless you drive into other cars and into walls), in a video game.Speaking of missions, once you play more than an hour, you have experienced pretty much all what the game offers, except if you keep playing you just earn new cars and equipment upgrades. As of right now, I have not finished the game and I probably plan on not doing so. Also another annoying feature is the rubber banding of the police and racers. You can be as far ahead as you want, but the police seem like they have quad turbos with boost installed and will always catch up to you.The crashes in this game are pretty spectacular, as the game is made by the Burnout developers, Criterion Games and I feel like this is probably the best selling point of the game right here. If you are like me and enjoy watching cars crash in video games, then you can consider buying this game. There is nothing more satisfying than sending a car roll down the road and seeing the heap of metal stop dead, especially if the car costs more than your house.I have only played one game of multiplayer and I have probably experienced half of it. I only found one person (I am from Australia) and I was convinced that he was a hacker. I played as police, and he ignored all my roadblocks and spike strips and literally passed through them like a ghost. I also think that he was using speed hacks and was pretty much untouchable as he zoomed by me. This part is probably why I am going to not recommend this game.  In the start of the game, it asks you to sign up or login into an existing EA account. Me being stupid, I put in the wrong email associated to the account and it made me an entirely new account with an extremely generic name that I cannot change the name of. So every time I want to play this game, it always asks me to sign up or sign in and I cannot get around that other than putting in a fake username and password to ask if it wants to start me offline and it bugs the hell out of me. Also I found out that it  FORCES  you to use a microphone and webcam, so they basically breach your privacy while you play. The only way around this is, is to disable them if you dont want them to be used.I alt+tab out of games alot, and for me, I found out that my fps drops significantly to about 10-20 fps if I alt+tab in any part of the game, even the unskippable intro scene (which is also annoying). I don\'t know if other people have these problems, but this is a heads up.Overall, the game is pretty decent, good graphics for a 2010 game, one of the best crash physics, sub-par steering and handling and if you find people in multiplayer, (which i doubt) then I hope you have a better experience than mine. This game gets really stale if you play for too long, so I recommend to play it once in a while to get your racing fix. I would probably recommend this game, but shame that these problems had to occur during my playtime.I give this game 6/10
for a free 2 play game i must say it is fun i play this alot with my friends and there's alot to do and now that there's a workshop for the game there's alot more to do it my not look like the best game in the world but the gameply is good building stuff in the game is amazing
best star wars LAN game ever
Love what they are doing with this game. The movements are slow enough that you don't get motion sickness but still get to pilot the time machine like a sub.The graphics are pretty and feel realistic.A controller is the best option for an emmersive feel. I use the Xbox wireless.I will buy this game as it looks like it has a full story mission to follow.You play sitting down so very comfortable for long sittings.Demo is around 5 minutes long.Ai reminds me a bit of portal. Hope thay keep it light and funny.
This little, extremely inexpensive arcade game is worth the entire $3 I spent on it. In all seriousness, this game has been with me for a while and I have gifted it to a few people in an attempt to get the highest score between all of us, not an easy task. This game combines addictive chiptunes with BRUTAL gameplay that will make you want to smash your head into your keyboard, then pick up the remains and stab it. Multiple times. Who ever thought surviving one minute could be so difficult? Obviously not me!Pros:-Addictive gameplay-Competitive gameplay for the highest score in your group-Great soundtrack-Wonderful color palette (in my oppinion)Cons:-Too short-Once the patterns are memorized it becomes significantly easier-I only find myself playing for about 30-40min at a timeRating: 8/10. Easily one of the best and cheapest arcade "compete for a high score" games I have in my library to date.
I love this game , 10/10
this stand alown mod is very fun and amaysing plus theres a moulyplayer modei realy engyed making death mashines and sticking nps from my favroite valve games in there (espesaly ceadcrab zombies from hl2)please note: the more games from valve (portal portal 2 team fortress2 half life half life 2) the more models you will have
Although the game is a little short (I finished in under three hours), it has a lot of replayability as the gameplay itself is really unique and interesting. I also really like the method of storytelling (the game does have dialogue, and an interesting story).I did get the game in the summer sale for roughly $3.00 NZD, and it is DEFINITELY worth it! Possibly the game I'm the most glad I got in the summer sale, because otherwise I probably wouldn't have risked buying it.
this game soo good and hard at the same time night 1 died night 2 made it to 6 am night 3 got jumpscared quit game never played it again
it alright
This game is one of the best tactical shooters on the market today.
great
Best looting GAME EVER I WANT TO BUY THIS
:O
^o^ love dis game
Very Good
Play this game, do the achievement when u go to first clockworks tower, then u recieve the TF2 hat! The game itself is quite good fun, too. Its free as well, and u dont need money to buy stuff. U get them free as u level up :D
This game is Extreamly fun. There are many things to do in this game like, killing/branding warchifes and captains, launching ambushes, riots, and just plain executions. I hope that the game is going to be a series, and in the next game, i would like the ability to have an arena mode, where you fight captain after captain, make your own opponents and re-fight any previously fought warchife and his captains.10/10
do l recommend this game hellz yeah just learn the mechics and away you go...♥♥♥♥
It is a really good game, and i recomend it, but, if you have xp, you still can't run it. XP has a maximum ram of exactly 4 gb, and 1.2 ish is taken up by needed processes, so you have 2.8 gb ram for a 4 gb ram game, and steam won't even open it if you can't manage it. Even if it sais xp operating system, you can't run it. Please do something for this Fun Pimps. Please :(. Still a great game though :).
THIS GAME IS AWSOME BUT STILL NEED MORE PLAYERS THIS GAME DESERVE SOMELIKE
This is So Awesome
A great game that realy supports infantry gameplay but the navel side is dissapiointing
My older review was '10/10 would bread again.', but i take that back. 2/10 you removed any playability for people with older computers. You've removed the graphics options, thus making it impossible for me and others to play, the tutorial does't work, my game crashes all of the time. I have a new-ish PC, but because i'm almose broke, i have an old graphics card. It works fine with everything else, but with one of my (used to be) favourite games, you, Bossa Studios, had to sacrifice that.Pros--Fun Game-Enjoyable-Good in Early Access-Fun conceptCons--Unplayable for some people-Crashing due to to high of a SET graphics quality-Very low frame rateOverall, I do reccomend this game, BUT don't buy it if you have a less-powerful PC. (These are my opnions, so don't pull me apart like the vultures you are.)
Incredible.  Worth Every Penny.
it is not working it gets to a screen and  then it stays like that for 2 minutes and then closes and never comes on it is starting to agravate me someone please help me.
get this gameits like pienipples on toast
Nice work Dota , you guys have done a great job developing and updating Dota <     Thank you guys xD
Great game, well worth the grind for good weapons/characters.
I dont usually do reviews, and i usually only do them if a game has either really stood out to me as being brilliant or being absolutegarbage, unfortunatley this game is the latterThere has been a massive ammount of controversy around this game but being a huge megaman fan i thought i could over look the graphic complaints, which if it where the only thing wrong with the game i would, but the game is near unplayable, perphaps its my fault, expecting a true Spiritual Successor to the megaman franchise and getting this, a game that forces you to kill enemies by dashing into them after doing damage from a far (why have a cannon for an arm if i have to get close to an enemy and dash threw them to kill them for points) the lack of a double jump replaced by having lots of jumps where you need to jump dash to get to (not just secrets but linear level progression platforms require dash jumps) the lack of a charge up attack for your hand canon just makes your attacks feel so underwhelming and the character overall feels weak and boring, it really feels like the creators wanted to push this wierd game mechanic of dashing and not focus on what core elements made the megaman tittles greatkudos to the developers for trying something new, but when you're pretty much making a Spiritual Successor to megaman atleast add in some of the things players are going to want from the previous games.
Space engineer, it is a clever and creative game. like a sandbox in space where you can build amazing, lager, clever and epic space ships, bases and more! i highly recommend this game to people that like to build. sorry for such a small review its my first
The Best Speaking to Russians simulator ever10/10
Side scrolling hack'in slash action! Only problem keyboard controls are bit dumb but its a small problem! 10/10 Whoopie Goldbergs!
wow it was crazy!
11/10 IGN
I'm drenchedI'm drenchedI'm drenchedI'm drenchedI'm drenchedI'm drenchedI'm drenchedI'm drenchedI'm drenchedRotten fruit/10
It's pretty good
cool
Muy Bueno. Realmente necesitas pensar para llegar a la victoria. Se merece todo mi apoyo.
Amazing mix of Strategy and Skill, Not for the faint of Heart.
Great addition to the Portal-Lore, and great brain teaser to kill time. get it!
such an awesome game doesn't matter what console i play it on i always laugh and is quite puzzling at times and one of my top 3
Broforce é um jogo arcade feito para aqueles fãs de Plataforma em 2D.Não é um jogo que simplismente para passar várias horas jogando mas é bem divertido ainda mais se tiver algum amigo e agora com a Steam WorkShop do jogo você terá mais tempo para se divertir... Espero anciosamente por mais horas de gameplay desse jogo e mais "BROS" ♥♥♥♥s.
Very Fun and simple game :D loads of content! great fun with friends!
One of my prisoners is 24Convicted of murder and manslaughter.Already served 20 years.Kidz deez dayz
good game
While being extremely short (it was most likely intentional) it's.... actually quite good. you do nothing but fly upwards but its quite dramatic and very interesting.I kinda like it.
I feel sorry for the person who bought me this....
Puts you in the driving seat of a professional thief 10/10
Sorry for interupting but i have trouble when trying to play, I click the game and i comes up with a message saying "the game crashed" and it made a crash game folder "next to game executable and the crash name is "2014-07-29_210734"
I really enjoy playing this game :D
What the hell is Square Enix doing? They make this incredible game that is eaisily as good as (Or better than) the latest Final Fantasy, Murdered Soul suspect or Lara coft and don't give it any publicity. Honestly, if my friend didn't tell me about this game i would have missed out on a gem made by a triple A studio, a rare thing in this day and age.
You get to play as Ron Pearlman.What more do you need.
came here for the hatz
it is the BEST First Person Person Shooter for the pc and the best Tower Defence Game of all timeGET AS QUICKLY AS POSSILBE
been playing this game for hundreds of hours would def recomend (def recomend multyplayer)
gud
This is an amazing game, i havent finished it but its still amazing
Its fun. Very funny, Very short. Simon Amstell is as wonderful as ever.Tightly scripted, very clean, very well executed. Did I mention it was short.. Too short. I want to meet the tiger. Which is perhaps,representative of the developers' anxieties about making a full feature. bahahaha..NO, just a joke. So.. i think i speak for a few people when i say:this is a great intro for an amazing, yet missing Game.At any rate, If you keep making these short things frequently enough,thats cool! i will play them all!More Please !  
A game where you loot and kill, there is not a better combination on earth.
A game that is boring and over expensive. 2/10
太好玩了
Let's get serious mother ♥♥♥♥er
A game for Skrubs, made by Skrubs - Tom Pickaring
Pretty fun i shot someone
So many hours of my life used up on THIS AWESOMENESS OF A GAME!!!!!! (Get it now)
jogo muito bom porem muito dificil muito dificil sou bem noob ainde,mas com o tempo todos conseguem pegar o jeito de jogar, VALE MUITOOO apena comprar
GREAT GAME MUST PLAY IT AND ITS CHEAP
The single most stressful game I have ever played! But awesome!
dooty as calsium
A lot of fun with friends.
This game is very exceptional, always rasing my expectations. this would havee to be one of my favorite scary genre games.this game really does scary the living Sh!t out of you, you cannot attack and you have to be on your piggies everytime because you never really know what behind the corner. this comming with no fighting aspect also makes it challenging by thinking of your next move, what to do, and ultimatly should i really go for it?. Cause half the time you dont know if "it" is coming behind the corner. Some things i do dislike is the the enemies are poorly done, even with such good graphics, the faces are like a raccon attack there face, then again half the time your running away from them XD. the story is good but halfway it starts to chop and change and it can become confusing, also getting trapped in a corner is a proplem-escape is not possible.even with those dislike it is very good, well thought, and stole my sleep.i give it a solid 7/10.
Um jogo rápido, com visual simples, mas extremamente viciante.Boa diversidade de inimigos e uma fase nunca é igual a outra, ou seja, nada de decorar como passar de fase :P Recomendo a todos que tiverem 6,29 sobrando na steam.
♥♥♥ shit up
I love this game
Before I played it I thought it was terrible then I tried and the addiction started. The game is fun but the campaign needs a list so you know which mission to do first because I messed up doing it the wrong way.
shrekt
It's same like Crossfire (It's either Chinese, Rival, or Mercenaries) 
Mto bom!!
Cops a lot but great fun with some mates, I'd recommend if you play with friends and even by yourself it isn't that bad. Comparing to FNAF it's game of the year.
Pew Pew Pew
This game, for me, was a real gem. Admittedly, I am not a big fan of puzzle games that involves a stealth mechanic, but with the unique mechanic that is the 'Crosslink' system, the game becomes a lot less of just waiting and moving and waiting and moving, but instead becomes more like setting up a complex mouse trap that incapacitates every guard in the building with the flick of a switch. And that's where the fun comes from, not the hiding and the stakes of being found, but trying to find the quickest and easiest way to the objective through utilisation of the environment. The story is clever, well written, but short. the level design is top-notch, and with the implementation of a steam workshop supported level editor, I can see a much longer playtime through the various community levels.Oh, and you get a TF2 hat.So, even if you don't like stealth games, there's a demo that you can test the water with. And you never know it might just be that one good game you never see comin.g
is epic
Fun game, just needs more damn players ^_^
Amazing Game. Great if you love FPS' and that kinda stuff! Highly Reccomend! Get it while its on sale!
Pretty Good game.Beautiful 2D Dot Graphic, Great system, Little Funny Battle Dialogue.
Trine 2 is a beautiful game with truely amazing detail to the levels and backgrounds. The gameplay is extremely creative and that you can do anything using the three heroes, from making boxes and planks to jump on, to grappeling yourself and doing circus acts, to charging your way through boulders and throwing Thor-like hammers. In my opinion, this game is best experienced with a friend. I highly recommend this game to anyone.
It's not so much a game as it is an experience, but its one hell of a good one. A definite must have for anyone who enjoys a great story.
i swear this game got a grip on me, i tried to leave but but i keep coming back why tera why. Stap man stap making new classes dam it. (discalmer i know that there are other locked character classes but ffs why reaper class) fkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk why all the i want to use are always that ellin character why why why... at this rate i'll just become a lolicon ffs why reaper class is in ellin whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyHowever good game overall and come on jiggle physics dam fine, welp i go get some lube before continuingoh and get friends, ♥♥♥♥♥ boring to play alone though i like the combat enough to the point i can grind for long periods of time, that and i think i have a problem send more toliet paper and lube at 69696969.com/redtubeXXXplus this ♥♥♥♥ is free man its like my inner asian is calling to me to play this game before wasting my time not becoming doctor.. oh w8 i am asian welp i need to be doctor now I r8 this game 69 out of jail time
The game is great but i wish they would add a vs mode for example it could be a 4v4 and u still would have to build towers but they should add a way to spawn monsters in so they attack the enemy side while u still have to try defend your side. Either way its a very good game
Although I have not played it on this PC, I have played it on other consoles and friends PCs. It is so much fun building bases and taming the dinosaurs with my friends. The graphics are stunning. Never seen such a outstanding game!
10/10
o melhor game de corrida da atualidade.
♥♥♥♥ing unreal
It crashes every time i open it, WHY?
One of my favourite games by far on Steam.This game is crazy fun with friends!You can choose what your game would like to be like. Slow paced or Face pasted (Stealth and Loud)The game is full of heists so you wont get bored intil you have played all of them!
Stop looking for bad reviews and buy it already!
Being a long time Batman fan, and picking up this game cheap on Steam after playing it 3 times on Xbox, it was still a good choice. Great combat, interesting riddles and challenges, and rather nostalgic for people who have played the whole series up to Arkham Origins, or if you just enjoy the Batman universe. Well worth the buy, along with the rest of the Arkham series.
Fix ur ♥♥♥♥ stupid rust makers
Brawlhalla is a great free to play fightig game. All characters can be unlocked through playing the game and although some maps and characters are unbalanced, the majority of them are fine. I enjoy this in both matchmaking and with friends.I think that when it is polished and is finally released, it will be an amazing game.Would KO by throwing horn again.
It is awesome! but hard!
I have not played enough of this ame to tell you if it's ♥♥♥♥ or not. What I am here to say is not to buy the steam version. After a single play session, where I bumped the video setting to 1080, I can no longer open up the game because it is telling me I don't have enough system memory on my video card. I have an R9 380 which can run the Witcher 3 at 50 fps on average at low - medium setting at 1080. Enough said.This is not just a problem I have expirienced as many others on the forums and others sites expirienced this as well with no fix by valve.Go support (censored by valve) because they actually put effort into making modern computers be able to run old games.Note: comment not censored by valve I'm taking the ♥♥♥♥.
BUY IT
Dank game
Hi this is really annoying me i'm silver 4 and i get put with ♥♥♥♥ a team and i keep losing i should be like silver elite i'm geting around 70-80 points a game and you need to fix this but everything else it's a good game.
It has destroyed what charred, tattered remenants of a social life left in the wake of Dota 2.10/10
Love the game, but it is kind of hard; so it's best played with friends.
9/11 would play more Dark rp to mo-lest 12 yr olds and make them slaves
I like this game so much I would have sex with it.
Bloody get it :D
0/10 needs better drills
I cant recommend this Game because from the day i purchased it there are no servers available meaning its only online gameplay. What a waste hope it will help that people considering to purchase this game can avoid it.
For new release game this has started off well, it has lots of potential. 2 different modes, arcade - slightly aided in a way for fun and people who are still learning, then a second mode which gives the player more control over there plane, much more hands on. This game is good and I love what i have played of it. it is very challenging however because i play using controller. Im not sure if its just because my controller is an xbox one or its the game setup but the control sensitivity is seriously twitchy, even on the lowest setting (0) it is almost impossible to get a smooth steady turn going. Even the slightest flick moves your plane about 10 - 20 degrees around a circle, this makes targetting a dodging plane very hard. Also it is slightly laggy, my laptop isnt the best, i will admit, this won\'t help, but your planes movement is juddery, move your controls and your plane sort of "jumps" across the sky in small leaps. Even on the lowest settings it is still the same.Finally, dont come into this game expecting some HD quality with magnificent details, trees exist but are more or less just blurry green things, buildings are super basic looking and its generally looks like a game from about 6 years ago. Slightly like GTA San Andreas quality with a tiny bit more clarity.I reccommend this game alot, definite potential to take top spot as best flying game/ WW2 plane game out, however, i suggest you wait until they fixed it up a bit and slightly improved the genral gameplay and controls.
Despite the 1.37 update which earned my negative review, the developers have changed my mind and earn back my positive review with the improved flight models, damage system, more aircrafts and the tanks are added into War Thunder finally. They are already developing naval battles at the moment. You can tell the developers are putting such a huge amount of effort into this game to give you the best gamer experience as possible and to put you in the seat of that aircraft,tank or ship and immerse you into the WWII experience.
gg
my hours played said it all
Not too long ago I wrote a review of this game. I accused it of suffering from a "terrible lack of content", primarily due to the fact that it only had "4 classes, one which was broken" (Zerker).I dare say that I\'ve played enough of the new update to wish that I\'d waited until the patch had been released before giving this game a negative rating.This is due to the fact that yes, Tripwire did take a long time in releasing it, and yes, there was a lack of content in time waiting for the new update, however, I can honestly say that it was all worth it.Every second.The new content is incredible, the Zerker tree has been completely re-worked, and it now functions as well as any other class in the game. The FLEX Gore system is beautiful (THE GIBS, MAN, THE GIBS).The new maps are unbelievably well-done. Catacombs is an underground area (as you\'d expect from the name) where almost every light can be destroyed, plunging the map into almost complete darkness. It is claustrophobic, nigh on terrifying when played on the hardest difficulty, adrenaline pumping, and indescribably enjoyable to play.Evacuation Point is just as well done, but it isn\'t as original as Catacombs. Whilst it is beautifully made, with some lovely tight spots to get stuck in, there is little that differs it from the rest of the maps, whilst Catacombs is one of the most unique maps I\'ve ever had the pleasure of suffering through.The two new classes are absolutely spectacular. Firebug is fun in a maniacal sort of way. Setting countless Zeds aflame with the Flamethrower and watching them writh around as they slowly burn to death always succeeds in elicting a psychotic grin on my face. The Microwave Gun is just, beautiful.Simply beautiful.There is nothing more enjoyable in Killing Floor 2 than watching a Zed inflate spectacularly before bursting into a satisfying shower of gibs and bodily fluids. And then there\'s the Demolitionist. Whilst the class could do with some re-working (it is a tad underpowered currently), I can\'t honestly say that I don\'t enjoy laying down C4 at chokepoints and waiting expectantly for a group of Zeds to walk by before blowing them all to smithereens, their intenstines flying all over the place, their blood splattering the walls as I giggle with glee behind the keyboard. Ahem. Aside from the brilliant new content, there were numerous bug-fixes and other improvements present. Namely, Tripwire did away with (or at least reduced the effect of) Zed Teleporting, which was one of my primary reasons for giving the game a negative rating. Furthermore, they improved Han\'s\' intro, along with some of his attacks, visual effects, and other things. This, amongst with countless other improvements, all work spectacularly, with nary a bug in sight. I\'ve gotta say Tripwire, I\'m very bloody impressed.
Great Game to play with friends and to have heaps of fun
It's missing trading cards.
this game doesnt crash
very good game, single player is fun and multiplayer is not bad either, wide selection choice for civs that are well balaced (at least from my experience). 9.5/10
I haven't experienced this game much, but what I've experienced was great. The game is fun and has different gamemodes that you wouldn't see in most zombie games. Hunter or Hunted, its a tough world.
A GAME FULL OF ♥♥♥♥.
Zooka leiks to reeg with his reems and Ripper hates his computer and doesn't let comp work and that Evans guy is ♥♥♥♥ and that Janko guy has swag
I <3 This game! I totally recommend you get it!
Es una pija
Un juego buenisimo!!!!! entretenido hasta morir yo lo he estado jugando me parece un juego indie de los mejores, es largo y la cantidad de objetos , mobs, articulos y DNGs es increible. Uno puede pasarse jugando horas jugando este juego y seguira encantado.el juego tiene algunos cuantos problemas como lo es en lag, los servidores andan un poco saturados y eso cambia la motividad de jugar
9/10 -IGN Not enuf rapiers
Great game
The mobility in this game is insane. The ability to flip around, wall run, climb, jump over, and jump off just about every object in the game is awesome.Good for all play styles.Whether you're a stealth player, or a run in guns blazing player, Warframe can accommodate.
AWESOME GAME!!!
Great game i love it, i enjoy the realism and everything from seen the planes fall to the artillery fire GREAT GAME
This Game is the WERIDEST way to find out SPACE! 8/8 gr8 m8
𝖳𝖾𝗋𝗋𝖺𝗋𝗂𝖺 𝖻𝗎𝗍 𝗇𝗈𝗍 𝗌𝗁𝗂𝗍.
Came expecting JSRF, Childhood not achieved. 7/10
♥♥♥♥KING AMAZING GAME !!! It's a Super Death Simmulator .You make your self , and travel to solve The Curse !! My score : 98/100 !!PRAISE THE SUN!!!
LOVE LOVE LOVE <3 <3 <3
cool
GUNS,EXPLOSIONS,NUKES=MURICA
2代為黑街聖徒系列打下了良好的基礎...更不用說2代的劇情超讚。
Best game 10/10 would buy again
This game is a verry realistic take on the strategy genre. rather than massing expendable meatshields and throwing them at your enemies, every single unit death is a game changing event, sometimes completely de-railing your strategy entirely.9/10
the only good thing about this game is the uninstall button 0.1/10
probley the best simulator i have ever played just marvelous i just love the game so much
I personally like this game as it is a realistic shooter with combat - based action. Together with the ranks, this game requires you to get more experience to rank\\level up to Tank Crewman and Fighter Pilot etc. which is way better than most games which allow you to instantly get the most powerful weapons but you do not know how to use it. Leveling up and getting experience really does make you more experienced in this game. Most reccomended as a regular player to FPS - Players who prefer realism and fun.
-Gets into labrinth hears scary asf noizes "unistall time!" -Scary asf 9/10 could use a bit more optimaztion
Easily one of the best games I have ever played. Amazing story, beautiful but simple world, characters with personality, amazing music and exciting but puzzling platforming. I would recommend this to anyone, especially players of Portal and The Stanley Parable
Too much peruvians, 10/10
ไม่ต้องแอดมา
Will there be a before release wipe ?
One of the best strategy games ever made. So much immersion, required concentration and strategical gameplay is involved, as well as the incredible orchestrated soundtrack. 10/10 would kill ghandi again for nuking me.
I ripped a guys arms off and then beat him to death with it.10/10
Its like the devs decided to write a porno but the leading woman is your brain... p.s this game is worth all the shekels you can throw.
Awesome Game!!
Its a good game
Anti tank rifle is best sniper
Fantastic 1940s war simulator. The plane controls are fun and the battles are challenging. The only letdown is the tanks and the microtransactions
Awesome Game I LOVE IT
as a mahjong fan was a bit skeptical about how it could be turned into a gameof any depth. However, I was pleasently surprised to find Lost Lands  a fun, nice looking take on traditional mahjong. Very nice art styles, good music and a decent story help make this game a great F2p. Microtransactions are riddled throughout, but a patient player will have no need of them and will get many monthes out of this game.
bruh beast game 10/10 IGN
good game, dont use awp too much
Dank game skill difference can seem massive sometimes overall good game most realistic shooter out there
u find zombies.you kill zombies. sounds fun to some, borring to others. BUT THIS GAME IS A 4.5/5 FROM ME!. IT IS SO FUN JUST MIDSESLY KILLING ZOMBIES AND PLAYING WITH UR FRIENDS LEAVING THE NPC'S TO DIE!!!! :D
Game itself is good altho not for everyone for sure. Running on i7 4790k and clocking CPU at 60%+ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Base core game  needs work.
Buenísima 
อยากเล่นจุง
so tem alguns bugs com no map nms_favela os zombies nao conseguem subir escadas
This game lacks any fun. Only a handful of servers show up and they all seem to lag you out. It has good intentions but there need to be more models as there are only 3 house models on the game and it gets boring running through the same house all the time. When you get a gun, yeah sweet you've got a gun now time to spend forever finding ammo for it and spend even longer looking for a back pack to carry a decent amount of ammo... Overall rating 1/10. Terrible game.
This game is really fun!
Wouldn't recommend the game
I brought the game few days ago and the game doesnt work. No servers are being found no official servers no community servers no modded servers. what a waste of $20 that was when i cant play the game and only make it to the menu. And better yet after 20-30 seconds being in the menu the game client stops working and doesnt respond. This game is a joke dont buy it.
MT BOM BAIXEM
An awesome roguelike game.
Spawned in, found an axe, killed some pleb, got killed by a hacker, gg.
Boobs.10/10
Snipers 10/10
Brilliant game. Aged brilliantly, like a fine wine. If you have the money, pick it up, and definitely the expansions!
Pretty siq ♥♥♥♥
Fun game
Very Creative on how you have setup the maps and games modes.
this game ROCKS like hell it is awsome i like the trolls that do suff in the tf2 gaming :D but i hate the cheaters and hackers but still a fun game (p.s i hate scammers too BUT still a awsome game :D)
>implying video games are fun
Got called a noob poo face by someone from denmark10/10 would do again
If you love climbing with floppy WIENERZZZZ in your face... buy it.
Borderlands 2 simplemente um jogo incrivel uma historia involvente e personagens unicos oque torna borderlands 2 um jogo unico e steampunk 9.9/10
Great game for competitive gamers.
Buy it now!10/10- Matt
Have played this game since before Hardmode, spent at least one hundred and fifty hours offline at that stage and loved it, Is definitely worth Your money, Thank you Dev's
its a great game in my opinion also not saying any game is bad thats just wrong
Fun game.
Really fun game to play especially with your friends around.
Yes I very much do recommend this game, Its a very addictive game and there is a variety of things to do on it such as (MvM,trading and simple gameplay against other and with other steam players).
Very good. I r8 8/8 m8.
Cara esse jogo é fantástico, colocando mais mapas o jogo vai ficar muita mais legal, eu aconselho muito esse jogo.Construir e ir para a batalha com o que você fez é muito divertido, isso exerce muito a imaginação, serve pra qualquer idade.(Menos o chat dos BR isso sim que é coisa pra +18)
a really good shooter. endless side quests with a unique leveling system. not just another run and gun game. the atmosphere is like no other game i have played it really draws you in. earn money and develop your character the way you want.
Ok, i know this game has already been reviewed a ♥♥♥♥ tonne, but imma do this anyways.This game is... just... you know? i have no idea how to describe it in one word, but i can describe it with a sentence as consolation.its hotwheels, that can jump. combined with soccer. and HOLY **** is it fun!I\'ve played this game majority with friends, and even in the darkest situations, even when we are getting hammered, it is STILL fun. although, there was a situation with matchmaking a few days ago, were it matched us against "Masters" and "Elite" level players. and my god are they goodmy point is, if you and your friends want a new, enjoyable game. i highly recommend Rocket League.
Love these pinball games play on my Galaxy Tab all the time i just wish you could integrate the apps all into a single account so i can play all my Star Wars tables on all devices :)
you are so dumb mr.t
Players ruin this game
Pretty fun, great to play  cant  find ♥♥♥♥ in  places
Game is very fun for most of the story line but gets very repetitive. The free running is very annoying sometimes but good game in general.
Great for league matchs and cup matches pretty simple to use 10/10
11/10 Would Allahu Akbar again
Meant to write a review of this ages ago, but steam didn\'t play ball and deleted it before I could post it. In short - AMAZING FUN GAME!!!Slightly longer - I have been playing this game casually for years, from the original days. Great concept, challenging and the randomness keeps it interesting. The only slight criticism I have, is that the only way to get the random powerups is to enter some obscure "cheat code", which i always felt was a massive part of the game originally. However outside of that, I cannot fault the gameplay. Nation red tried to copy this somewhat, but crimsonland is much better executed in my humble opinion.
RPG Maker VX Ace is great for making Final Fantasy like games i have spent over 100 hours devolping a game
Crimefest day 1 wow. this game was one of my favorites now i am just disapointed
Couching makes you aim way bette awesome game to p|ay
OK so basicallyyyyy im addicted 10/10
Top game
Great game! but i can't play the game due The following component(s) are required to run this program: Microsoft Visual C++ 2013 RuntimeBut i alr have the program what should i do know?
hav fun wasting your life
definately worth it
pini
This has amazing gameplay, amazing graphics, amazing physics and overall, an amazing game.Pros-PUGSCons-There is noneOne question though: How do I get trading cards without buying them?Request: I would like it if you could make an in-game market in which you can spend your pug points and where you can buy different pugs. Or cats. Or penguins.
This game is great i had a blast playing it 10/10 would play a again :3
This is the most fun single/multiplayer game iv played it dosent require much skill it just one of those games that dosent need to be challenging its one of those games that is fun to play by your self and with other friends
Best game seen in years. So much fighting ,exploring and creating makes it the BEST GAME EVER
Really good game 100/10 and its better then you >:)
its the best, most awesome game. 9 classes to choose from and fantastic game play. Tons of random hats, guns and other useful and hilarious things.you have got to get this game!
WASD to move, Q/E/R/F ARE YOUR SKILLS (F being ultimate),  left/right click light/heavy attack and C to change between melee/ranged.
Unfortunately, the biggest flaw of this game is the one it touts in the opening paragraph; procedural dungeon delving. For those kiddies at home new to roguelikes, it means randomised within programmed constraints.Now, the enviornments look great (despite being skinned similar) when you\'re fighting your way through it, it feels cool. But the nature of procedural generation is that the clever placement of enemies is impossible in a game like this. I\'m going to resort to the "Dark Souls comparison" thing here, Dark Souls enemies are placed in a genius fashion; they make you take risks and assess your situation. This game just feels like someone had a big box of vikings, giant spiders and robots and went "WOOPS I dropped them all over my maze, eh, some adventurer will clean them up". You\'ll never feel like the enemies are using the environment against you, you\'ll never look at a group of enemies and think of a way to get past them. The way to get past them is always the same; run at them and mash attack til they die (Optional: Heal afterwards, but you are invincible anyway (more on that below!))Even in a game like Destiny, you\'re forced to think about what enemy you\'re fighting, and adjust your tactic. But in Necropolis the tactic for every type of enemy is exactly the same; hit a bunch, dodge to the side, or special attack in groups. There is both not enough enemy types and very little change in how you fight them. Even when there\'s vikings, wizards, robots, and skeletons all at once, all you do is hit them til they fall down. The only time they ever change is by health amount (to pretty ridiculous levels of grindy health) and minor reskins. Oh yeah, enemies also never ever block or stop you from attacking, SO GO NUTS.It also bugs me to no end that one of the only things you use currency, which is gems, for in this game is to level up (AKA, get more health), but by level 6 (of 9) you are already max level. So what do you spend the rest of your gems on? You don\'t. You can buy crafting recipes or potions and that\'s it. You will very soon have 8,000 gems in one playthrough that you literally can\'t do anything with.For a game with \'difficult\' on the tags, I expected this to take more than 3 tries playing solo (in my second try, the game just never gave me an armour drop \'just cuz\', so I lost). You have infinite healing items because you can just craft meat to eat, I had somewhere around 50 pieces of meat I could use to craft more healing at the end of the game. And for a game with \'rogue-like\' in the title, I expected there to be more randomized RPG elements. There are four tiers of items; the higher the tier, the better the item, no exceptions. The fact that there\'s so many armour types, but only 4 actual armour classes wastes the potential of all the different sets they hand out. Why not a passive for each armour set? Why, because of the obvious reason; you wouldn\'t be able to figure out what the passive does without reading the wiki because of the "I\'m a smartass" goofy text that makes almost every item wholly confusing. I get it; the weapons and armour have been kept intentionally simple so you don\'t sit reading inventory screens for years, but the lack of item variety also effects my willingness to replay it again.The most insulting part about calling it a roguelike is that you are practically invincible! You get a resurrection potion. Yes. A potion where you can keep going when you died. Oh I\'m sorry, did I say A potion, I meant the ability to craft infinite resurrection potions. Which, again, would be less of a big deal if you didn\'t have infinite crafting ingredients on you at all times because every enemy spews out craft confetti so you\'ll never be short on anything but inventory space.I sound a bit salty, because I am. I was really looking forward to this, it had a lot of potential. Do I ever think I\'ll play it again? No, probably not, unless all my buddies end up with it in a humble or something. For $30, you\'re half way to the 40 hour long Dark Souls 3, not to mention all the other roguelikes that you can get for half that price, which offer a lot more content. Sorry guys; it was a good attempt but fell short of what it could\'ve been.
I've only played for a tiny bit, its pretty good.
The Zeus DLC for Arma 3 is, in my opinion, better than any other DLC or mod.Basically, if you go into the Editor, and you place some things, setup a little scenario for a few guys to play, that's all well and good. Although, if you want to make a much more enjoyable experience for yourself and the players, or if you think the editor is too fiddly and hard to use, use Zeus.Zeus allows you to use the default editor, but in 3D, with easier to use placement and editing panels. Also, you can change things while players are  in game.  Brilliant.It's very hard to explain something so amazing in word form, so check out the video below to get a better grasp on Zeus.www.youtube.com/watch?v=UR_TN_XiZNEAlso, make sure you check out the official Arma 3 Channel.https://www.youtube.com/user/Arma3officialI hope my brief review has somewhat helped you, go enjoy it yourself!
Easily the most fun online of any game ive ever played, with campaign mode being either as casual as you want, or an extreme challenge. and versus mode adding a complete new level to the game that's far more fun than any other geneic FPS out there.
Funny ♥♥♥♥ happens in this game/mod and is EPIC!
♥♥♥♥
Hell of a game, 10/10 apart from the occasional tilesets where you can get out of the map.
Really great game giveing you the freedom to do anything! it can be a building game or a FPS. its really great !!!!
I have played this for 16 hours and still enjoyed every single bit of this 6 Player co-op shooter.
The game is good, but theres just too much grinding involved (terraforming simulator)
THIS GAME IS CRAP THERE IS LITTLE POINT TO DO ANYTHING IN IT ,ITS JUST A STUPID GAME ! iT WOULD BE SO NICE TO BUY A GAME THAT WASNT SO BUGGY ALL THE TIME
"Gunner. Point the turret towards the camera in the sky..." - A British tank commander, if you click on his tank too much.
good game
StarForge is a game with big ambitions but offers little fun whatsoever. It is true that people buying star forge should consider the fact it is in alpha but that being said, the game itself is barely in a playable state. The world\'s are dull and lifeless, lacking any sort of explorability past the opening area despite the game advertising "procedural voxel terrain". The game is set on the premise of a survival game in which enemies come in waves. This sounds pretty standard in theory and seems like an easy basis for a game but StarForge manages to get it all wrong. The waves are slow and tedious, the enemies lack variety and any sort of intelligent A.I and the weapons are dreadful. I have never played a game with gun mechanics as bad as StarForge, they\'re just dreadful.The enemies have basic animations which don\'t show when it is actually in a state of death so you are often left shooting the enemy for prolonged periods of time as the fact is, the enemies animations don\'t show life even when it should be living. You control horrendously in StarForge. Moving, one of the simplest of tasks, is made hard by sluggish movement and bad mouse control. The saturation of motion blur is almost sickening and the lack of any choice to turn it off just makes it even worst. StarForge however does one thing interesting with the movement which is in the form of ragdoll-esque falling. It can provide some laughs as you fly into objects and spaz the hell out when falling but is anything but a good gameplay feature and more of a humerous addition. The games building is a clunky system which like most of the games systems works great in theory but fails to pratically work.  The simple idea of cube-based building is ruined by the games approach to the building system as well as a lack of world modification which seems like something the game needed from the start. StarForge makes a lot of promises and doesn\'t deliver on any of them to the point where writing this review felt more like a winge as I could not think of one thing I liked about the game. One can only hope that in future updates the game gains some sort of solidity but the fact of the matter is that StarForge isn\'t playable by any stretch of the imagination and a lot of work will need to be put in to give it\'s buyers a reason to enjoy it.
I Love it... And i Hope Others Will To. Its Very Much Like ETS2, But I Like ATS MUCH MUCH More. Mainly Because Of The Trucks. #Kenworth! <3
Very fun game! The story mode is really good and online is a blast with your friends!
melhor fps do mundo !
EA Simulator 2K14
i hope that when u die,you will not lose your hard earned items
this game is ♥♥♥♥ but everyone should still play it
most people say this game is trash, but honeslty i love the game. Would defiantly buy over bf4
This game should be used as a punishment to children!!!
Incredible game but...How long does it take to release an update for one game? When you first made the black mesa mod, it ounly had the first half of the game, and about a year ago you released this, wich has nothing different in it(except multplayer) and you did make a promise to release a full mod, so how long is it going to take you to create the second half of a mod? but great game i would totally recommend this to every FPS fan(:
gud
6/10. I would grab this game on sale, as it is very short and a bit repetitive. However, had a really cool mood and atmosphere and was fun for the few hours of play it offered.
Staged in a alternate universe where physics don't affect the humanoid creatures you play as... and you rob sh*t .... its cool
awesome and stealthy
Absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t every game is a ♥♥♥♥ing lose you can never win 
Loved the alpha, and love it now
Awesome horror game, 10/10
One of the best story driven games I've ever played. The combat is incredible and the gameplay is smooth, the cutscenes are nice (though a bit small) and the writing is pretty good. The item system is awesome, the abilities you get throughout the game are actually relavent all over the map, traveling is incredibly easy and.... BUY IT. IT WAS 3.00$ IN THE STORE FOR STEAM SUMMER SALE. WHY DIDN'T YOU BUY IT THEN. BUY IT NOW ANYWAY, BECAUSE IT'S AMAZING. IT'S CHARMING. IT'S FUN. EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS GAME IS AMAZING. I reccomend this game. gandalfjesusridingabreadasaurusrexridingamassivevelociraptorontopofamassivespacechickenturtle/10. buy it. now.
Good free game
Arma II dose not encourage war or violence, it is simply a military simulator where you can learn what is it like in the Military unlike COD or Battelefield. I enjoy every aspect of Arma and what it has to offer :)
Don't buy this game till it patched
Awesome game
Good game/10
Love This Game!It Is The Best FPS Ever Created!9/10
freat game
It's awesome..But the Shamans are sometimes kinda crap, but other than that. It's fun to play.
This game, Is Amazing, The satisfaction of killing someone with your own creation is just.... So magnificent, I would recommend this to anyone and everyone.... This is one of those games where you will get on at 6pm then next time you look at the clock its 3am.... I have had a few of those already.I rarely review games. So that in it self is should say enough.9.75/10(few bugs eg clipping through floor if rammed hard enough by teammates)
kk they put rifles back to how they were thank you pls don't do what you did again valve
Great way to ♥♥♥♥ time
Ok, first thing's first, if you are a fan of the tv series this is a must play game. So this game isn't actually bases on the tv series (so anyone can play!) and starts out in a police car. The art style in this game is fantastic, and the story is mainly driven by your choices, such as choosing where to go, and who to kill and save. Overall this is one of the best story led games I have ever played, and would highly recommend you play this game!
um belo jogo pra que não tem habilidade e fica  qui nem ♥♥♥♥ atirando sem para concertesa o 1 era melhor .
GG.
I think I have turn myself into Skyrim trash now. Thanks Bethesda!
When you buy a ♥♥♥♥ing game, you should excpect to be able to play it. With AC2, you are usually unable to launch the game due to the ubisoft servers being unavaible. SO ANNOYING! DO NOT BUY ANY GAME MADE BY UBISOFT!
This game is truly amazing. With its art design and characters you will be crying at the end of it all.
help i can't stop
Love the new Update, adds a ton of more items.
It's a good game, especially thanks to the developer with his constant updates and work that he has done for this game. Would recommend this game seeing as it's F2P.
♥♥♥♥ THIS ♥♥♥♥ ASS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME
 The best shooter is now free to play get it.
O jogo é muito bom, as única coisa que me irritou até o momento é ele simplesmente não funcionar pra mim em tela cheia (eu tenho que  jogar em modo janela senão o jogo trava).
What the ♥♥♥♥ is this piece of ♥♥♥♥? Why would you even make this game and even include Zombies? holy ♥♥♥♥ing mother of god. I'm sorry but if you're playing this game you're all ♥♥♥♥ed in the ♥♥♥♥ing head. holy ♥♥♥♥ this game is just as ♥♥♥♥ as all their nexon games.
Very Very Good Comedy, Free Roam, Short Game... I Really Recommend GIving It A Shot
muy bueno el cs:go :D
This game is so much fun i still play it and it is 4 years old
Was great in BETA and ALPHA, but now that IT IS FREE, I would give it a shot, it's FREE after all guys. Did you know it was FREE by the way?
this is an awesome sandbox game even though it can make your pc lag!
♥♥♥♥♥ holes
An amazing game with really great replay value. A must have for any steam libary!
This has "Mostly Positive" Reviewsno.
Best game to feel like a ninja, the new interface that came with the update was a little difficult to get the hang of at first , but ading (what seems to be a slight story line really paid off) im giving it 8.5 flying ninja out of 10.
This game could be something great if the crashing issues are fixed. 8/10 games i crash
Awesome game, totally recommend this game bruv
one of the most addicting games ever, the system that build and get weapons is great as it takes a player a lot of hours to get good weapons
build ships and battle, this has got to be one of the best ftp games on steam
This game is pretty much 98% Pay to Win and the only way to get items is to level up, and that happens slowly, although i only play this game because i get bored of my other games, its a good game and the people who don't care about the Pay to Win, then you will enjoy this game
Awesome game,It really does make you travel back in time to your high school years.
It's a great game but there is too much focus on the story so that when you finish it (if you've done some side quests as well) it fells like there is barely any end game content. Also the dialogue has been dumbed down WAY too much and you are pretty much forced into the role of the good guy. Overall good game, meh RPG, pretty bad Fallout
Spent hours looking for gear only to be shot in the back by someone claiming to be friendly. I've been kidnapped and force-fed rotten food and disinfectant. Buggy, un-optimized, not finished, bare bones, human nature simulator.10/10 had a blast and would do all over again
can't even turn down the volume in this game besides having to deal with THIS AIDS until i was killed by foul dung
BEST GAME EVER
Very Good Game Money and 123 hours well spent.
By far this is my favrioute game, You never get bored playing arma  3 because there is such a viraty of game modes(Altis Life,Takistan Life,Battle Royale and KOTH Just to name a few) and sceanrios like hitman. Arma Is a game that i would defintly recomend. Arma is mostly perfect apart from the some what glitchy terrain and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Campaign.
Just saying that below the purchase, it says it is strongly reccomended to use a controller. So if you don't have a controller, buy this and then bithc about how the game has terrible mouse + keyboard controls in a review. Then you are utterly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
10/10 only game I play
Muito bom o jogo,com vários equipamentos e modos de jogo.Pode ser considerado um "Titanfall"
เกมนี้มัน
Very well thought out and easy to play with friendsvery fun and i like tower defence so its a good mix aswell as the RPG elemneand picking charaters is likepicking classes i luv that :D
This game is like a conflicting relationship, on one side I love this game dearly and on the other side I want to smash it with a blunt stick.
Very Good Game... 10 out of 10
It's a really great mod. It is short but I think they are making more. Wepons, music, voice acting. It's REALLY great. They did a good job. I would REALLY like it if they had online game play. But I still like it. Hope they will make more.
UGHHHHHHH
A must have for any CS:GO players or anyone having Lag with MMOs. It takes the delay time away and lowers ping, Yes there are some lag spikes but to be fair it is still in Beta
i tried to play this game when i try to build my block disappears and i can't build anymore 0/10
Not manny servers takes a will to join a game graphicks are ok but wold not bye agan 3/10 stars
I am unable to play the dlc
wonderful massiv onlime game with dinos very well designed
my childhood......... will be remembered because of this game
1 UP ON MINECRAFT
Excellent game, devs seem to be working well to fix bugs along the way and add new content.  Advice - play it safe and dont take risks, dont get attached to characters, kill them off.  slowly upgrade your town.
This game is gorgeous, the art direction, the music, and the narration all serve to make it a memorable experience. The gameplay itself is competent, but exploring the beautiful world is what makes this game special. And it's on sale this weekend!
Very Wow
Lan PartiesOk So downloading this game it seemed frightening at first with the controls and gameplay style. But now after playing 10 mins of the game I’m already loving it. I see that this game has a massive future in gaming with lots of friends. One of the first games that I’ve seen which allow many users to play at the same time on the same screen. Also the fact that people can play on their phones, tablets also allow everyone to join in and participate in the game.The Game's FutureOk so, the online community is very friendly indeed. I’m always seeing heaps of open servers that are packed with friendly and fun people. With all of this taken into account, I see a very good future for this game. It’s one of many which provide a unique lobby of 16 players with heaps of custom power-ups, interesting maps and characters. Hopefully with more to come. This game has a huge amount of potential. With 4 possible game modes already, adding more would make this game even more interesting (if that’s possible).I recommend this game for everyone to try out. Its defiantly one that'll provide enjoyment for hours on end.
Sick most combat will be CQC doe. Unless u get lucky and fight at long range and get recked by AI RPG Fire.
Get dis game if you like first person shooters and custom inventoriesalso if you like guns, flamethrows and RPGs
สนุกมาก เล่นเลยครับ
Air Ship simulator 2012.10/10 would fly again
Great game! The randomised traits always make for an interesting play. The revamped boss' are always there if you want a challenge before finishing the game. 9/10
its ok
Still in alpha after 6 years. Essentially an engine with no game. Glad i only payed 5 bux for this. Combat is pretty unique and fun but not worth buying over.
Great game, fantasic idea, so much depth and still in alpha! Highly Recommended
Laser Rifles, Massive Nukes, an Assortment of Weaponary... and of course... plenty of enemies to burst into pieces in a huge open world map. What moar can you want?
Uno de los mejores free to play que he jugado. One of the best free to play games i`ve ever played.
บอกตามตรง มันมากๆใครพลาดก็อย่าพิดหวังไปรอมันลดราคาซะ แล้วค่อยซื้อ
บอกตามตรง มันมากๆใครพลาดก็อย่าพิดหวังไปรอมันลดราคาซะ แล้วค่อยซื้อ
Best game with gore. =P
One of the best F2P first-person shooters out there. A harmonic combination of humour, strategy and excitement come together to form a must have game. Although Team Fortress 2 is nearly 5 years old, the FPS action never has a dull moment. I recommend that anyone interested in TF2  should download the game without hesitation.
Awesome game
Have you ever tried bumper cars before? Don't worry, Vice City Polic Department will fix you up!
its noice
100/100 best game it has nice plump plot and graphics that really make certain parts stand out i applaud the developers for their vision and inspiration in making this.What were you guys thinking?
Play it, it will take 5 mins of your time, and give you an awesome experience, even if you dont like it, you won't lose anything trying out this game.
Episode 2 is the best episode so far by a HUGE advantage.
Amazing, beautiful game. Deffinatly worth the price, I loved pretty much every moment of it. This game not only takes up a spot in your memories for its stunning visuals, but in your heart for the develpmont of characters involved.
♥♥♥♥ jogo dahora, divertido, viciante, e sempre inovando, vc descobre coisas novas mesmo sendo pro ou ja sabendo tudo praticamente, fora AS SKINS AMO AS SKINS S2
this game is great if you just want to ♥♥♥♥ around
Great game if you dont have this then go get your wallet and spend $0.00 this game is amazing and it may be boring at first but when your building and play games with friends this game is ♥♥♥♥♥ awesome!!! share this with your friends and get addicted!!
fun game
This has to be one of the most fun DLCs I have played, certainly the best one in Skyrim so far. Although the actual storyline is quite short, the content and vampiric abilities make it all worth it!Recommend 10/10, if you don't already have it, you are missing out!
Very Good Game
This game is full of "cheats" in online. RIP my gta 4mil money
good
This game is really fun its worth buying.
Fun game.
Love it. May not be the best graphics, but it is an amazing game all in all.
multiplayer doesnt work. but still overall great game 9/10
The original GunZ is much better.Don't waste your time with another horribily done Pay2Win game.
 An Amazing Start I would like to start off by saying that despite a few issues with the PC version, this is an amazing game. Although we only have Episode One as of this review, it's safe to say that Telltale has done an incredible job and I cannot wait to see more episodes and perhaps even future seasons.  Pros  Immersive as hell. The atmosphere, story, character development, everything was amazing.  Detective work. Incredible voice acting all around. Really digging Troy Baker as Bruce Wayne/Batman. It's a Telltale Batman game. That speaks for itself. Fight scenes in this are amazing. Camera angles, the intensity, everything about them make you feel like the Batman.  Choosing your plan of attack is awesome. Hope to see this feature used more in future episodes.  Cons   Performance issues. Won't dwell on this too much, has already been discussed to death. Not really a con but, first episode was a little slow paced. I personally didn't mind this but some may be a bit put off by the large amount of dialogue. Overalll Score: 8.5/10.Once future patches are released that deal with the current performance issues, I Strongly reccomend purchasing this. Personally, it is my favourite Telltale Game since the first season of The Walking Dead. Adding on from that, not everyone will face issues with running the game so I strongly suggest getting it to either give it a go or just wait until the patches roll on out. Strongly reccomend this game, get it whenever, you most likely won't regret it.
You have never played a more engrossing and realistic shooter until you've played Arma2 and the Arma series. The best simulator i've ever had the joy of playing, despite it's age it still holds up with some nice visuals, sounds and gameplay. Drop your CoD games kids, this is where you can grow up!
The best game ever!!!
=D
best game put in lots of hours and havent got bored of it
NOT WORTH $70, WAIT FOR PRICE DROP. The single player is a fun experience with no real problems, so read on. Okay, so you are wondering if GTA ONLINE would be a fun experience... Well it is, if you can actually make it into a server without the game putting you in singleplayer for no reason... My favourite is when you connect to a server but the Rockstar cloud services screw up and you can't save any progress :^( What's the point of waiting for those incredibly long loading screens for something that is just stuffed?...You run out of stuff to do eventually Heists become a chore or (mostly) unplayable if you don't have friends there, races and stuff are always won by sweaty plebs that do nothing but learn each race track all day and to top it all off, hackers can hack with ease and with little indication of slowing down... Yes, they remove your guns, can't be killed, spawn NPCs and other objects and also have the ability to blow up everyone on the server at once, thus making the freeroam experience broken as hell.DO NOT buy this game until a price drop even if bonus GTA online cash is offered... You can always buy cash cards later (or better yet just play the game...)The fact that we waited for a PC release this long and the game has just been broken after a recent patch (not the first time) is sad... I hardly play this game anymore...
You guys need to fix fps problems plz just thats all game is great
Love this game.. especially back in the old TF1 Clan game battles - Go [DA]
10/10
Used to be an absolutely amazing game on the 360. Magnitudal piece of trash here though; the appalling tyranny of Games for Windows Live knows no bounds. Ruining game after game even years after their release.
Knives.
This free to play game has come a long way from being back in the Valve ditches. One of the most popular games on steam i give a biiig thumbs up to.Well done!
This game is okay and it's awesome
Ok so, the game is actually great but the review I'm writing is specifcally about the new update which to be quite honest was absolutely ♥♥♥♥. Valve brought in a new gun, the Revolver. This weapon on first glance is pretty cool although it might need a few tweeks. The area in which is ♥♥♥♥ about this game is the new way the game is displayed. A lot of my friends think that maybe the graphics are worse now as well. Also the crosshair is different and I'm speaking for myself and a lot of my friends when I say that it is so so so bad. Honestly the new crosshair is terible. If there was one thing Valve could take from this review it would be please oh please change the crosshair back. The old one really was much better in every way. Thanks for reading if anyone actually is.
:D
the best anime babes on the whole steam store 7/11
EXPLOSIONS
10/10 great game
Amazing game If you have got a mac and you want a good game then but it. It is amzing you will not be dissapointed still in alpha though so expect a few bugs but over all AMAZING
Roses are red,Violets are blue,Im stuck on the eastern front,BUT SO ARE ♥♥♥♥ING YOU
Unplayable For Australians. You Teleport Everywhere And When You Do Get So Lucky To Get A Kill Good Luck Going Anywhere else with the camera zoomed in WAY to close. I Hate ThirdPersonShooters Anyway but COME ON. At least have the camera aat a distance so you can see what your shooting or see what your slashing. maybe the player is half way transparent while shooting. until then NOPE  NO BUY!
Its a realy good game.
swag
A better more tactical version of COD. This game is god ♥♥♥♥.
ISIS Combat Training Simulator 2015.IGN- it's like minecraft had a baby with some 2d shooter! 420/10
This was a really edgy mod. It adds to the lore of Portal and gives it's own spicy story. Though I did noclip like half of the game because was extremely hard (in my opinion). I wouldn't call that a complaint though, as it was made to be hard. Besides that I still enjoyed the majority of the game. The voice acting in this is impressive too.If you enjoyed Portal 2 then you should definitely get this as it is FREE.
This game is a very interestaing and ususeraly never the less it is AWSOME!!!!!
Just bloody good fun!
great game has high hopes for it been with game since 2014 and loved it. Good game for fps players moving to a moba with its wasd control unlike other mobas like lol and dota
I like this game, its not 2D minecraft... its better!
Only good if youre into RPG and grinding to level up your character or mastering the craft
Can someone please help me? I started it up after installing it and the update is screwed up. I started it around 4 hours ago and it still hasnt finished. Ive restared my computer and internet but nothing is working. When i skipped the update, it only showed a black screen with sounds. I can see the mouse but nothing else. Someone please help me? <3  (:3 its a seal.    Here is the sword i will give you if you help me: o==[]:::::::::::>
This game is quite unfinished and a bit buggy, however, it shows great potential and i love it.In short great game.
This game is amazing and worth every dollar
IT the best game ever!!!!!!
Fabulous game, absolutely FABULUMORE
kawaii
While I don\'t play it anymore, Team Fortress 2 is an amazing game. It\'s fun and has a surprising amount of backstory with the comics and "Meet The" videos. Every class feels different and is well balanced (Can\'t say the same for some items, though) and the modding community makes the game even greater by adding new content such as skins, new gamemodes and new models. Team Fortress 2 is a game that everyone should try out and play with friends.4/5
Good Game, Lots of Games to play
yey
It's an excellent game. Starts off a little slow but after a while you really start to get invested in the story and it yields rewarding dividends.
Greatest game ever, Harold cannot get enough of it.
As far as co op is concerned, its great.the ai is laughable, but hey, go on bad ♥♥♥ mode, take away the hud and see how you go.on your own i can see how its bit of a drag, but with co op. eh, its worth it.(now atm it has this really annoying relaunch bug where the game will re open itself after closing causing a loop... annoying and hope it is fixed asap.)
♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥hit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit ♥♥♥♥ shit.
Good Game
Total Destruction Simulator 2014
Terraria is a fun, exploration based sandbox game that appeals to people of all ages, more so into the adolescent years. It has great mechanics and the classic, arcadey feel of 2D side-scrollers will hook you in. A wonderful RPG, its bosses and other sprites have a wonderful (and monstrous) art style that add to the feel. Its relatively new 1.3 update had a graphic overhaul and while Re-Logic have stated that no more major updates will happen, you can still enjoy Terraria in its beauty.I would certainly recommend this game to any fans of the genre and even if you arent too familiar with it, i believe you'll love it.4.75/5
If you say yes to any of these get this game:1.Do you like guns2.Do you like making guns3.Do you like fighting with other people who have made their own guns4.Do you like to buy sexual organs for real money and show them off to your friends5.Is your name Bob (If so, call me maybe)
just buy it
This game is very unique. It takes lots of skill and parctice. Its nothing like call of duty. But once you get the hang of it is fun.
Good game, its just a shame that no one from australia plays it. Its always a strugle to find a server and when you do the host often has bad internet.
Good game
its great so worth the money
Aee
it ok
I'm going to smack a positive on this just because it has incredible potential should the devs listen to the players. Only had a few issues but it was worth the $8.
Hey guys just reviewing garry's mod so first of all garry's mod is a game to fit all/most people it has lots of good gamemodes and singleplayer is just the same so if i gave it a rating out of 10 i'd give it 9/10
This game is addictive . I highly recommended don't starve for anyone who likes challenging and hardcore style . It's really fun and the development has announced that they will add multiplayer in this game which is cool . Buy it now otherwises it gonna increase prices
This game, I just can't stop playing I'm gonna play this forever
1 Of The Best Games I've Played, i Rate It A 9/10 but it could be better with more slots in the chests for storage, but is still good.
All you do is make money. And even more moneyIt's the best capitalist simulator in the world.10/10 Would capitalist again
This game is a rollercoaster. This 2013 released finale(?) in the Bioshock series holds up very well. The best part is that playing the first 2 isn't even really a necessity if you're just playing it to play it. The ending may be a bit confusing without a little background on at least the plot of the first, but if you're just looking for a good time where story doesn't really matter, this is a good game for you. BUT, IF YOU DO PLAN ON PLAYING BURIAL AT SEA I HIGHLY SUGGEST YOU PLAY THE FIRST TWO, BUT IF YOU CAN'T AFFORD BOTH AT LEAST PLAY THE FIRST. If you don't even play the first, the plot will go straight over your head. But in conclusion, I think this a fantastic addition to the already terrific Bioshock series. Do buy. Do play.
Just Such A Pretty Game Love To DeRank Cause Kids Get Mad!! <3
Muito bom,recomendo a todos
It is a good game and 
64 tick volvo pls
Home is described as a horror but plays more like a murder mystery type game. It's fantastic at telling you its story and everything that you do in the game, affects the end result. Don't expect any combat, tricky puzzles, multiplayer or even voice acting, but expect a detailed narrative that keeps your mind ticking well after the credits have rolled.
Muito bom. Recomendo para todos que ficam na duvida.
for the seven hours i have played this game i love it
BOOM HEADSHOT ♥♥♥♥ED UR MUM
Amazing :o i luv it.
This game, ahhh, it brings all the good memories back!The controls are optimized for pc decently and the graphics are what you would expect... Awesome :)The game can run well on any computer and the mods support it great as well. If you haven't got this game, you MUST get it in preperation for Battlefront 3! The best game of all time, 10/10
.......................,,-~*~,, ......................./:.:.:.:.:.| ......................|;.;.;.;.;./ ......................|.;.;.;.;.| ............._,,,,,_.).;.;.;.;.| .........,,-":.:.:.:."~-,;.;.;.| ........(_,,,,---,,_:.:.);.;.;..",, ......,-":.:.:.:.:.""-,,/;.;.;.;.;.", .....(:.__,,,,,,,,,___);.;.;.;.;.;| ...../"":.:.:.:.:.:.:¯""\\;.;.;.;.;.," ....\\",__,,,,,,,,,,,__/;;;;;;;;;/\\ .....\\.::.:.:.:.:.:.:.;.);;;;;;;;;/:\\ .......\\,,,,,---~~~~;;;;;;;;,"::::\\ .........."""~~--,,,,,,,,,,-"::::::::::\\ ...................\\::::::::::::::::::::::
perfect game for 10 dollars
TF2 great game worth buying the orange box, but it's Free to play thanks to the Great GabeN. i think it's worth the download P.S no team needs 5 spys please go medicP.S.S there's alot of bronys and there often MVP
Doom. Reminding us that some of life's most complex problems can be solved with genocide.
It's like pokemon if it only had grass and sometimes the normal grass enemies had more health and special abilities, and after the 4th area you have seen everything, Until you find the special arenas which take tons of people to do, and are hard to find and you have to make keys which take doing almost hundreds of the same repetetive dungeons you've been doing since the start. after that you need to get to max level (level 20) plus upgrade items to do a area that is a little different than what you've already been doing in the regular area. by the time you are level 15 the game gets extremely grindy, with two terrible ways of leveling, one is going to a area that you can barely beat enemies at or go to a easy area where get barely any XP. both of these strategies still take way too long to keep the game interesting. After you do that you have to start grinding for tons of a really rare item to actually upgrade your weapons so you can be a higher level to be able to get to the uber 6 world (which takes being level 36+), by then you have most likely already seen all there is to see, other than mounts and pets which won't help the game be less repetetive.
Amazing game, fast paced, action filled and intense gameplay, good overall game! I recommend it.
The Best GAME EVER!!!!!
gud kush
Trash, in my opinion :)
A Massive disappointment, i managed to play this in my old computer and nearly got till the endnow in my better faster computer, it does nothing but crash and/or freeze
CS GO FTW
แม่งก็หนุกนะแต่ว่ามันทุบกากและทำแผรไม่ค่อยเห็น9/10
good game(GG)
Found the game to be a huge hit, loved the campaign and the RPG aspect of it, but its one flaw would have to be the leveling system, for the most part you're stuck with the characters you level up in the beginning because there are no low level enimies you can go back and fight. though of course there are ways around it by of course, partaking in huge grinding sessions to level low level characters up, but for those who aren't so patient, it can be a hassle.Although most characters within the game, are still useful and if characters are beginning to get weaker you do have ways to deal with it. all in all the game has about a 5 hour campaign filled with fun gameplay mechanics, espcially if you're that of a pokemon fan, it is also accompanied with honestly a quite interesting story with some funny lines and quotes, and choice of multiplayer if you so wish.if you're into any of the things stated above, i think this is the game for you. I personally would definately play though this game again. 9/10
GREAT GAME PROBABLY THE BEST GAME IVE PLAYED ON STEAM
I use to think that CS:GO is the best game on the planet until they released this Revolver which is ruining the game. Deagle used to be skill based and now this revolver is not really skill based gun. I hope that valve nerf this gun to make it fair for everyone.
This game was fun but after a while it got repetitive. This game was really fun at the start though and ive had this before it went on steam! I do recommend this but just dont play to much and WARNING : DONT PLAY WITH PEOPLE THAT RAGE.
octodad is a excellent game for everyone. true it has a short storyline but the workshop makes up for it. oh and when you die the screen goes purple :D PURPLE
สนุกมากเลย ได้แปลภาษาจากเกม รู้คำศัพย์มากมาย ใช้ในการศึกษาภาษาอังกฤษได้
Why...
เพลินดี และเป็นตัวเต็มแน่นอน
pretta gooooooooooooood ok you bic boies out there have to get it or you duh die ok, like a sombodeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!!
very good dlc :3
This HD remake, unlike HoMM3, has everything you could want. Coupled with it own expansion it is truely one for the fans and new players alike.Would recommend
Screw H1Z1, Get Unturned. why?1)easy to find severs2)zombies dont glicth3)you can make groups4)free and fast download5)the founder of the game always updates it6)super hard to find bugs7)why are u still reading8)get the game already
Best modern day FPS out there. Nuff said.
pile of ♥♥♥♥ game
This game is challening, engaging, emotional and clever. Just be prepared to save often!
One of the funniest FPS games I have ever played. :D
Awesome but hard to do , its great.
fun but frustrating
I told a skeleton that I didn't eat his spaghetti then we went on a date.11/10 too much nyeh heh heh
Multiplayer is very good, if only Half-Life wasn't a failed abortion that everyone praises in their nostalgia goggles, that are so firmly wedged into their fat ♥♥♥♥ face, they can't see this game for the wank stain of technology it is.
I hired a pirate that then did nothing. 10/10 great money sink.
It's one the Best PHYSICS games out there.You can crash Galaxys together.Take a revenge on the moon and sun!Theres a lot of things i love about this, the collsions are so BEAUTIFUL.I only got this yesterday i'm addicted to it.This is my Favourite Physics game.My rating.199/199
this is a great twist on a tower defence
Factorio is in my opinion a masterpiece, it is an amazing game that is what games should truly be. Games like this strike fear into the hearts of large parasitic companies like Activision, EA, Ubisoft, etc that only care about profit and don't care about their players or their games. Games like this show that small groups or even individual developers can take a dream, mix it with determination and sprinkle some pride on top to create an amazing game that in many ways greatly out does triple AAA titles and even puts them to shame. Factorio at first glance may seem like another low quality indie game that is just part of the endless stream of developers attempts to cash in on trends. But as soon as you open Factorio and start playing, it becomes apparent that it's far more than that. Factorio takes your typical base building and resource managment found in most of these kind of games and puts them on steroids. It takes the idea of managment and optimisation to such lengths that it requires dedication from players to even achieve a moderatly efficent design. No matter how well you optimise your refineries, inserters, conveyor bests, etc there will always be room for improvement. It's this room for improvement and sheer freedom that makes this game such a great experience and just makes the hours fly by. If your looking for a fun experience and enjoy building complex things and like learning from your mistakes then you should defiently pick up Factorio, especially with it only costing $20 which is enormous value for money.
D0Nt Pl4y ThIs G4M3.It G4V3 M3 C4Nc3r.4cTuAlLy G0 4h3aD 4nD TrY F0R FrE3 CaNc3r
A fantastic game that is now double the fun. Don't Starve Together is rewarding as you can slay monsters togther, create tactics for hunting and have 2x (more depending on the players,) the productivity. But in a hilarious and fun way in can be more punishing. Food is more scarce, there are more monsters and when a mate gets killed, his ghost will haunt you and drive you to suicide!If you love Don't Starve and have a friend or two who also enjoys the game, buy this and you will have hours, and hours of fun. If your a tight-♥♥♥ like me, just wait untill it becomes free.
Good but a bit overdone. Still love it though.
Good but a bit overdone. Still love it though.
10/10 An amazing design. One of the most challenging games I have ever played. The game's community, well most of it doesn't welcome newbies with open arms but this is due to the diffculty of the whole game together. This is a game that you can just sink your teeth into for a while. If you like strategy hardcore this is the game for you plus its free. The best thing is that its fair from the start of every match, the only advantage of playing the game for longer is the experinse of actually playing the game.
I'm recommending this game to play just cause I'm not gonna go into detail and everything but this is a great game though
Fk yeah! Just Cause! Get it! Awesomesauce!
Don't
bg
This is a good game, and here's why.First off, this game is not just a game with a few levels it has many and with the involvment of the community the amount of levels is almost limitless so you have many levels to challenge yourslef with and you can make your own levels, so others may challenge themselves on your levels.Next, is the fact that it uses music to create amazing game immersion, with the levels being created so well that they are in time with the song used for that level, so if you create your own level, make it to a song so it fits perfectly.Not too much to say about this game as it has such a small amout of amazing features, but there is the fact that there are enough challenging acievements to keep you playing it for weeks on end, unless you don't even care about achievements, the levels should keep you going anyway.There is one thing that i would like to ask of the developers, can you please add more sources for songs so people can use songs that can't be on NewGrounds, so that way people aren't limited by the NewGrounds audio pages.
good
Hours and hours of feeling like a badass, hours wasted playing this game, well worthit, especially with the dlc.
on my old computer this game did not run just putting it out there
ye dis game alrite aye
Purchase this game.
Red Orchestra 2: Heroes of Stalingrad with Rising Storm is a fantastic game, it is who of my faves to play that is set in war time. the thing i like to do the most is basicly war where you fight in big battles to win a war, so you must fight up the map and capture points to win, there are two sides as you may already know and defending and attacting are both hard but very real. very much injoyed war game.
Desde de quando comprei joguei todos os dias, quando vc vicia nao para mais, esquece até os seus deveres... Jogo 100% você sempre quer melhorar e melhorar!
En un tiempo fue mi juego favorito,recuerdo cuando salio y lo compre,pero luego se hiso gratis y empezo a valer ...... en primera empezo a llegar gente inexperta y cancer de otros juegos y luego se volvio solo una fuente de ingresos,vendi mi cuenta anterior para recuperar la inversion cuando se hizo gratis y al volver este juego se habia convertido en una reverenda...aunque claro en el momento no me di cuenta,despues de tener un inventario de mas de 600 objetos y muchas horas perdidas ....una perdida de tiempo para mi gusto ahora,la idea es buena claro,un shooter medianamente comico y dinamico basado en clases con especialidades caracteres,nacionalidad y personalidades diferentes bastante simpaticos,pero luego tienes lo negativo,entre lo que esta: el equilibrio,esta horrible y siguen haciendo mas op algunas armas para mantener a la gente jugando;despues esta la comunidad ,los gratis sin mas que decir son un asco de 2 formas ,en primera el juego se volvio algo muy muy recontra casual al grado de tener medio equipo de nuevos cada partida y en segunda otra de nuevos que llegan a criticar como "expertos "que el juego no es realista y que la wea y blablbabla;lo otro es que al haber deficiencia de partidas hechas segun experiencia esta misma distribucion de buenos,malos y nuevos ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s se convierte tambien en arena y cancer .El ultimo punto es que despues de tiempo ves que la verdad a los desarrolladores no les preocupa mucho nuestra satisfaccion ni mucho menos,solo quieren que metas dinero y no culpo ,es necesario, otros tambien,pero este esta demasiado descuidado y el dinero que entra no es para mejorar este juego en particular,es como meterle dinero a una caja de zapatos toda pateada y rota en donde las monedas se caen por agujeros a otras cajas mucho mejor cuidadas(cought...cought...csgo..cought).Nada mas que decir R.I.P tf2Pero bueno,tf2 es ahora un revueltijo de niños rata,nuevos ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s,veteranos,mas ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s,traders,"pros de competitivo"(wnes que solo sirven con scout y pyro y siertas armas que si se las quitas lloran),mas ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s,todo junto en 1 sola partida.
It is so fun ngjrdhyjh
what is up with ark i cannot even launch it through steam or the desktop way i recomend it if you have a godo pc though
I've been playing this game on and off since it first came out in Early Access and i must say it's an amazing and fun experience and it's really worth while buying even in EA, and most definitely when released. The maps are unique to one another, the gameplay is polished but can get slightly repetitive (with the limited content that there is currently), however content is coming in on a slow but regular basis, which i believe is going to pick up early this year which will be nice.I also have to take into consideration about the people complaining about the micro transaction system, it is somewhat bad that they released it whilst it's still in early access, i don't support that choice at all. It would've been much better if they were to wait untill release for that particular thing.But it doesn't deny the fact that it's a brilliant game with excellent potential and if you like blowing up zeds with all ways imaginable, which i definitely do, then this is the game for you.
10/10 you can't nuke religion
Every kill is earned, every death is justified, and more loot than you can shake an elaborately decorated minigun at. The most fun you can have with a shooter without getting arrested.
One of my second favourite steam games! it The Addons that they have in the steam workshop are really great, even the maps, player models, etc. been playing this game since 2014 when i got my steam account, and bought this game which was my first ever game on PC!
Really Great Game
The game is much better now that Hardsuit has taken over. Great all round game and is fun.
10/10 would put hitler in hell again
I dislike the fact that this game doesn't even support mouse controls, which should be a must in this day and age, especially with games like this, where its fast paced. I tried using a controller which the game wouldn't even recognize so I couldn't even play it. At least the refund button worked.
I like 'out smarting' the computer on this. It's the only game you can, so use it wisely!
This game is a great concept, but I personally think it needs a better introduction teaching newbies how to play, I have attempted so many times to make a workng city but it never works. I really want to like this game but because of the reason I just stated I cant. Devs, please fix this.Thanks
Very Very fun  :) I love this game
 Perfect game to play with a few friends in muiltiplayer, the single player was not as i expected and is good to know the story of worms.The single player also helps you get good at the game in you have never played this game before.I would recommend this game to everyone.10/10 Game.
This is a great game to play with friends with the silly physics but when i play on subway when the round ends the game stops responding
Good
Good game
gud
This is a game i do enjoy but for the life of me cannot figure out why i can get wolf meat from a bear...and a deer ....and a boar  and even the occaisonal chicken i come across, getting wolf meat from a wolf makes sence...to me!  Anyway you start with a rock you grind away on trees and rocks to get ur resource, you must build your house strong and quick or you will find other players killing you and looting all those resources you so tediously gathered over time and you will find some real pices of s#*t too! just to give an example after a hard time getting started i was lucky enough to have an airdrop right in front of me i go to collect and whilst retreving the goodies from the drop create im suddenly attacked from behind with my screen flashing red with every blow he delivered with his rock i turn to look as backing away and he delivers the fatal blow which leaves me wonded on the ground, as i lay there he then kneels over me and and finishes me by crushing my head with his rock which took several blows! this upset me so i then took the liberty of verbly abusing him saying such things as ur mummas so fat everytime she turns around it`s her birthday! this did not work. but i eventualy got him back by blowind down his front door with some c4 i found then blowing his f#@ck#n brains out with my shotgun!(whom i named canoemaker!) i then waited over his sleeping bag for him to respawn then blew his brains out again then i destroyed his sleeping bag so he`d respawn elsewhere, THEN i took my time looting his stuff! then the verbal abuse started from him. i had tears from laughing so hard. and i guess this is what makes this game so fun (sometimes) so you`ll have to expect that it will go both ways! I`ll give this game  7.5/10
I would reccomend this game.It tickles your 'zombie' bone, well it tickles mine.I would reccomend this game and have to my friends.
este juego garantiza horas de entretenimiento, por eso se los recomiendo
A highly enjoyable game.  Up there with the cinematic Tomb Raider.  To be bothered to write a review must mean the game is delightful or i stepped in doggy doo doo.  This aint no pooch poop tale.The depth in the story alone is worth it.  The newspaper articles are a delight to read.  The characters played tremendously well.  The fantasy created is solid.  The R&D to develop this game is commendable.Even on the hardest mode the game is very forgiving to maintain a high level of enjoyment.  The typical dumbness of the AI is refreshingly old school.  When struggling in a level I am able to use the limitations of the AI to "cheat" my way through.The flow of gameplay is at a great tempo.  The levels of varying degrees never get boring.  I love how the weapon selection resets depending on the story line & the upgrade tree adds that something that makes me replay this thing once I get through.The cutscenes are great.  A note to some with graphical issues - particularly with the win10 upgrade - do some homework on settings.For me, the changing of 3D settings helped a little but the main help was turning off power saving in graphic card general settings - watch a couple of youtube vids and the framerate picks up for this and other graphical games like FARCRY 4.For what the game delivers it is a big tick from me.  To be overly critical would be to expect chicken in a steak sandwich.  If you want chicken then get a chicken sandwich.This action/cinematic game has been so enjoyable thus far.
Não confiem muito em jogo com Early Acess , Ta ai um exemplo '-'
If you like Cartoonish games, but also like a good shooter, than this is the game for you
I love it! One of best Zombie Games Ive ever played :D
I wish i have more time..
good
this is a epic knight if you're good at the game 10/10
best game ever
Clicker Heroes is one of those games where you think its childish and will suck, but that is not the case. As soon as I played it, I sunk 2 hours into this game. It has very simple controls and is very addictive. The graphics are actually quite good. Overall, if you want to just click, click and click, get this game as it is for free!Though it is simple, it will get you addicted like Crack, its just an easy solution.7/5/10- Jarps
i guess , this is the best FPS game I've ever played. nice graphic nice game system but i hate something >> nb kids - -turn on ♥♥♥♥in music in my game  . .
yes
Great game, if you love co-op then this is must...loads of fun!!
Wonderful Game. There Are Some Annoying Bits, But Still, Wonderful.
to many errors
it is a very lovely puzzel game i has nice mechanics and nice graphics
For some reason now the game wont open.I validated game files and it says its good nowIt froze on the loading screen but music still playedShame. i really liked this game.
Great Game
Like Skyrim but with hexagons
awesome game but theres a problem were it freezes when you try to exit game
I Absolutely love this game!this is one of those games that you just have to have! If you love building, blowing things up and going to space then this is a game you need to have
buenisimo juego tiene altos y bajos lo que no me gusta es la discriminacion a los f2p osea si es un juego gratis no deberian porque molestrlos por lo manco si estan recien aprendiendo en cambio deberian ayudarlos nada mas qued ecir el mejor juego que tengo
One of best and funniest games I have ever played!
11/10 The best suicidal baby game ever made! This game is BOSS! Buy it! Play it! Laugh as hard as you can! Wonder in puzzlement as a bewildered dad! And so much more!
Surgeon Simulator 2013.... Where to start?This is a really good game! Well worth the $2 I spent during sale :) Although I have already almost finished the main quests, I am on the verge of completing the achievements as well.This is a highly addictive game and is a must before 2014! Go get it now whilst it's cheap!!Rating: 10/10
gay
so basically you get killed by bandits for the first 20 hours of the game then actually get an army.when you get an army you get killed by bigger armies the next 100 hours inthen you get the biggest, baddest motha♥♥♥♥in' killa army and then get killed by a coalition of armies for the rest of your life
This game is really good compaired to the mod on amra2 the zombies a less glichy on this. this game should come a long way.
Bain decides to buy cheap drills... He shall pay for this, oh crap, be right back, my drill is broken.11/10 would repair drills again.But truely, this game is amazing, some people say it's repetitive, but theres a lot of ways you can do things, One thing i recommend about this game (apart from buying it) is getting a mod called hoxhud, it really improves the game in lots of ways. compared to PAYDAY: The heist, this game is amazing, theres heaps more heists customisation, and all out fun! BUY IT FOR THE GREATER GOOD! spelling is good in this review...Edit:It's all fun and games until they add microtransactions
Love it, absolutely amazing and perhaps the best RTS and City Builder that I have seen and played, for hours on end I have enjoyed this.
I'm going to quote the Grinch on this.BRILLIANT!
V good,V nice, I like it.
Co-op is a lot of fun, and there are a lot of different upgrades and customisations for your guns and turrets. Despite this, it feels like there just isn't enough variation in the game. I recommended it because of the fact that you can kill your friends by dropping turrets from the heavens onto their unsuspecting heads, which is a lot of fun. Buy it on sale.
Brawlhalla is a reskinned SSB for computers. There are  3 different control schemes, and I prefer to my mouse to attack. The controls flow well however, we should be able to map buttons instead of following a control scheme. It is very easy to learn, but I struggle to win an online fight. I understand that the game is only in beta, but I do believe that there should be more servers *cough cough* Australia *cough cough*.Overall, Brawlhalla is a fun, intuitive game that I can see myself buying. I am a big fan of the SSB series, and to see another brawler on PC and Mac is nice, I'm sick of Smash Flash. 8.5/10. Love it, but it leaves room for improvement.
    ,
I cant launch the game GG, won\'t even get past "connecting to servers..."
Well made mod, I definately reccomend it.
Mto ♥♥♥♥
it simply does NOT follow the rules. i am currently RAGING because i lost a game because i blocked in a VERY SPECIFIC order only to have it switched and DIE!!!.i got this for practice when i can't use my IRL cards, but it simply does NOT follow the rules. if this was fixed i would happily use it as a COMPLETELY FREE and ONLINE alternative.
Excellent.
Jogo muito bom, com otima história e gráficos excelentes. Além de sua história envolvente, o jogo possui missões secundárias boas, além do "Caminho do Caçador", onde você caça animais selvagens utilizando de armas específicas, etc
Better than the Call of Duty Franchise...(warning Flashbangs hurt eyes)
Pra mim é o melhor Metal Slug. Essa versão da steam é prefeita, nunca deu lag pra mim e ainda tem várias opções de configuração (tanto de controle quanto de partidas).
Es un gran juego de mundo abierto, parecido a minecraft pero con algunas diferencias, igual es divertido y me gustaria que todos lo puedan jugar ^^
Garry's mod is like a transvestite hooker, terribly low quality but it can be anything you want
It is a rly preetty gooood game.
i...... I complete it, it sad :(
muito ♥♥♥♥ esse jogo
Cool fun game, worth it. Got it for only $2.50. 3.9/5
PURA TESTOSTERONA E MUITO DIVERTIDO DE JOGAR COM AMIGOS !!!! 1000/10
PAINKILLER TAKING SIM YOU TAKE MORE PAINKILLERS THAN IN MAX PAYNE 3 20\\10
This game is really fun to play i've been playing Dota 2 for 6 years with my brother since Dota Warcraft 3 the Frozen Throne
Great Game! Would Recomend To People, Worth The Content And Early Access!
Ever since this game was announced, i was psyched to see what it could offer.  The trailer came out and i swear i had an ♥♥♥♥♥♥ due to the amazing looking graphics and the elephant riding thing made me go batshit crazy for the game.  When the game came out i had already preordered the game and bought the season pass.  The game was amazing and the story was fluent and interesting.  The graphics were as they were in the trailer, completely ♥♥♥♥ing amazing.  If anybody has $60 then i highly reccomend that you buy this amazing ♥♥♥♥ing game.
Goooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood
It's what minecraft should have been...
SO FUN USE DEM RIFLE
its a good game yeah it's a Early Access Game but its still good i give it a 7/10
Really good game, If you like pretending you are the leader of a star trek space ship travelling throughout the galaxy!Update coming soon, with loads of new free content!!!Would play again 9.5/10
Fun, you play as an under cover cop, wei shen. DRUG BUUUUUUUSSSSSSTTTTTAAASSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! NINJA KNICS< ROUNDHOUSE KICKS< BEING AWESOME< STEALING CARS WALKING AWAY FROM EXPLOSIONS! WHAT MORE PROOOF DO YOU NEED?
A very nice game to play if you like killing people and defusing bombs!
its good
10/10 would charge ahead and clear 4 bad guys to save my fallen comrade "♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
To laggy 15 fps at maxBoring gameplay(In my opinion)
It's a really fun and silly game.
Yes alot it is amazing, TTT, Deathrun and Murder is defintley my favorite
This game (if played right) will knock your socks off. If played wrongly however, you\'ll think "why the ♥♥♥♥ did I buy this game?" this is a game about teamwork and raw survival this is for people who like games without purpose or story if you like a linea experience I would not at all recommend buying it 10000000000000000000000001\\10
Great game lots of fun on multiplayer, especially with and against friends. Lots of strategies can be used, early rushes or build up economy for a massive late game army. Each civ has different economic and military bonuses as well as a unit unique to each civ which can make certain strategies more advantagous. e.g Mongol gather food from wild animals faster than other civs which makes their economy stronger early game making an feudal rush a good tactic to cripple the opponents economy before they can bring out units to combat yours. Campaign stories are pretty interesting as well although not always historically accurate.
its ok
I was skeptical at first.A rogue-like RPG Tower Defense Adventure Action game?You what mate?Then I played it.Wow, it's so addictive. And fun.I definitely reccomend it, grab yourself a squad and don't forget to build bases.You'll become attached to your troops. Like my brave Ninja who lead the enemy into my traps countless times. RIP ol' buddy. ;n;
Basically the same as the RJL Scania mod with out the chassis and stuff and a little toned down but awesome none the less. Deffinately worth 4 bucks! Only for Scanias but I hope this means we'll get this sorta stuff for the other trucks.
It good 10/10
9/10 would suggest this game to any and all types of gamers! Dota 2 is the perfect game, what with its disgusting fan base/community and its highly addictive nature that will ruin your life ;) ! If you enjoy pushing aside your responsibilities and loved ones in order to achieve a 6 hour meth binge this is the game for you! (given 9 due to the lack of pictures of Gaben in-game)
Love it Best FPS i have played in a long time
You murder the pope.Most definitely 10/10
Pros:Game launches quick.Game is easyGame is freeGame is funI think it's impossible to find any downsides! If you have the spare disk space, why haven't you already got this game?
Well how do i start im a big fan of dayz and not much so a minecraft fan but throughlly i enjoyed this game even with its minecraft  Graphics even though its not as great as day z for a free paid game ait was quite good thae guns that shown to you is a good amount the maps are good but  i would of liked to be abit bigger. the first 24  hors of this game wre fun i enjoyed a system were i could upgrade my abillities it gave me something to occupie myself. the base bulding was bit tedious but i had fun desighning my base without being killed and base bullding mechanics were simallar to rusts which i liked scince i play rust alot. For a free game i would rate this: +++ out of five plusses
The Greatest FPS game ive ever played on any platform
DayZ is so Fun I recomend This Game to all my friends and everyone else out there
This game is awesome!  But now i have RSI.  sadface
Unmodded, I definitely prefer previous TES titles to Skyrim. It lacks a certain something that kept me coming back to Oblivion time and time again. However, with the modded community in full swing these days, you add some amazing stuff to Skyrim to make it the best RPG out there by a long shot. Definitely recommend.
เป็นเกมที่สนุกดี คุ้มค่าแก่การซื้อมาก
4 player co-op game where you play as masked criminals and pull off heists. Very fun but there's too many microtransactions.
counter strike is the best game i have ever purchased, i strongly recommend you get this game
Really fun, lots of killing and ♥♥♥♥, but after a while can get very repetitive
Dont let the cheapskates fool you. this DLC is worth the 10$ price tag. The mission is rather short, but enjoyable. the real fun is where the robot customization is, being able to have a companion robot with a mister handy booster for maximum speed, two flamethrowers for insects and ghouls, and a hacking module because you dont have a high INT. the customization is unreal and you can make your companion a force to be reckoned with, or a pack mule to carry your stuff (the maximum carry weight on your robot is amazing!)The eye bot pods you can unlock by finding the blueprints in the mechanists' lair is also very helpful. you build one in your settlement, and set it to find either components, ammunition(of any kind! including mininukes, cannonballs, and rail spikes!), or explosives(baseball grenades, pulse grenades, etc)i found this feature extraordinarily helpful when building my bots, and great for upgrading my weaponry, because i didnt have to waste caps on shipments or waste too much time scouring locations for rare materials.(unfortunately you cannot scavenge gold. but every other material is available, including crystal, fibre optics, and nuclear material!)This DLC is definitely worth the 10$ USD i spent on it,and hey, at least it isnt a goat simulator heist.
Grind grind grind! But, it's worth it in the end!
Great survival element, and great base building. Not too much like DayZ.
What the hell are you reading this?! Go and download the DLC! (If you already own HL2)
Let it be known that even though the port might be pretty bad, the game in itself is great. This WAS a PSP game after all and I\'m pretty happy to have gotten the opportunity to play the game on PC than not at all since I don\'t own a PS4 or a PSP/Vita. The game works perfectly fine for me a runs on a consistant 30fps where some of my friends have told me that they experienced some fps drops on PS4. Although if you don\'t have monitors that support a 16:9 ratio I\'d wait until they patch in all the other resolutions like they did for the 13 series. And to address the framerate issue - just like 13 and 13-2 anti-aliasing is another fancy term for downsampling and setting it on "Highest" would make your internal resolution render at 4k. So unless you\'re running on a crazy setup I\'d turn that option down to "Normal" or turn it off completely to have an enjoyable experience.Also, Sice is bae and if you dodge roll you can have a nice glimpse of the girls\' panties 10/10.
I actually threw away a whole day of progress just so one of my teammates wouldn't get dumped by his girlfriend.
>Installs BD Armoury mod>Uses bomber that comes with BD armoury>Bombs the KSC>Buildings collapse9/11 Needs a nuke mod
THE BLOOD MAN THE BLOOD... also the gameplay is very good its brobly my favroite fighting games i reckon you should buy it
Bought it for the trading cards.10/10
Brilliant co operative shooter many different classes, not my type of game but hey I recommend it
This Is .....amazing waiting episode simulator of the year
All you suckas saying it aint starting, ♥♥♥♥ing trash computers get your ♥♥♥♥ together ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
Paid mods are now gone, so I can safely say that Skyrim is one of the best RPG's I've ever played.Buy it, play it for 200 hours, then mod it and play it for 200 more.
The community is ♥♥♥♥. Its difficult to set up a server. But other than that the game play is fine.I'll give it a rating of 4 out of 10 potatoes
im really sorry to say because this game looked awsome. so much that I purchased it. but i feel it is missing the mark. they say you can access most of the sky scrapers, but thats barely true and even the ones you can have a sad mdk/gta3 feel 2 them. I really dont know why it recomends a quad core 2.4gz cpu because the graphics resemble something from the early 2000's and either their rendering system is doing the crysis thing of rendering things that you cant even see, or something else is amiss, but the few servers i did try were dull and uneventfull. im not doing the narrow view thing and comparing to dayz (because frankly i think state of decay is a better zombie survival game) but i just found nether underwelming. dont get me wrong, I liked some of the texture details. and the mechanism as far as encorouging co-opperative play rather than just killing every1 2 steal their things. thats something that sux about most pvp/pve games. rust as an example, great game and well thought out, but most people will kill you rather than work with you to survive. but i liked the idea in this that you have clear reasons why you should work together. and the safe zones are cool. alot to do in there. I guess what Im trying to say is im underwhelmed at the moment and will have to just check back at a later point when things have been updated a bit more. look forward to future updates
Very good game
yo how do i like activate it or whateve i gust dose normal warband
Its Good
A sandbox free to play game about building robots... great game get it
Pretty fun
wow  killihg Floor  I like
FKEN  WONT LER ME PLAY
ill never get dis game but it will be good if you can but it for me i will love you no homo
DONT BUYunless you have a MASIVE ♥♥♥ COMPUTER. ITS JACK
I killed a heavily armored FBI agent that was carrying a riot shield with a wad of cash.Game of the Year.
The USP-S sounds very good.
get it now. i mean now
my favourite atm! best competitive game known to exsistence!
Great fun game. True sence of satisfaction gained from landing on that moon/planet is unlike any other game.
Go is GOD
mto bom realmente viciante
มันโคตร เข้าใจถึงการเป็น Batman
gr8 game m80's. i r8 8/8
It was very fun, but for those with low-end computers, it's probably best if you buy this game, as over the months I've had this game, the updates have made it play worse and worse on my computer. Highly recommended if you can play it however.
Highly addictiveMany hours of gameplay
made my character pretty #allpeoplematter
played 10 mins, oobisoft ded. gg no re
Its no Cod and its no BF3. But Its definitely a shooter thats missing on everyone's favourites.
By far still one of the best Total War games that has ever been created. I've got more hours btw. Just installed on steam xD
lo recomendaria pero una ayuda, ayer fui uno de los primeros en descargar el juego pero no puedo conectarme a ninguno de los servidores, me estoy perdiendo los eventos, porfavor necesito ayuda , quiero jugar este game pero no puedo conectarme, tengo w8 y supuestamente es compatible pero no me puedo conectar a ningus servidor espero mas de media hora y nada :) . Gracias si me responden
Before I played:＼＼ ＿\u3000\u3000 ＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) \u3000\u3000\u3000 <\u3000⌒ヽ \u3000\u3000\u3000/ \u3000 へ＼ \u3000\u3000 /\u3000\u3000/\u3000＼＼ \u3000\u3000 ﾚ\u3000ノ\u3000\u3000 ヽ_つ \u3000\u3000/\u3000/ \u3000 /\u3000/| \u3000(\u3000(ヽ \u3000|\u3000|、＼\u3000| 丿 ＼ ⌒)\u3000| |\u3000\u3000) /`ノ )\u3000\u3000LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ \u3000\u3000\u3000\u3000\u3000\u3000 \u3000ム｀ヽ / ノ) \u3000）\u3000ヽ / ｜\u3000\u3000( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ /\u3000ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく\u3000 ＼\u3000／ 丶＿ ノ ｡\u3000\u3000 ノ､\u3000｡|/ \u3000\u3000 `ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ \u3000\u3000\u3000 丶 ￣ _人'彡)11/10 RECOMMMEEEEND
If you ever wondered what its like to be a Clone Special Forces Commando in the Star Wars Univers, with a mix Dark, Intence, and some decent gun play, this game could possably be for you, although the game might not be as flashy as our current gen games, it still looks and feels nice to play. I recommend this to any Star Wars fan out there or anyone who loves Clone Troopers.
BY THIS GAME AMAZING
This game is Free to Play, and it's a Valve FPS Game.That should really be enough to explain why you should get this game.
This game is like Battlefield if it had a stroke, going through the many different, gigantic and immersive planets as the 3 factions filled with free to play scrubs yell at the other team for using OP weapons and explaining why each faction is better than the other.  Don't get me wrong this game is great and has some of the most undoubtedly immersive experiences I have ever seen in any game before and can blow your mind with some of the most epic battles that only console peasants dream of.  But in the end it's just a bunch of rascist ♥♥♥♥♥♥ complaining about who is more OP and running into enemy bases with their pants down, accepting the massive amount of butt ♥♥♥♥! I r8 8/8 I totally don't finger my prost8 don't h8 it's g8.
Don't get it, unless you go for console release. It will make you rage at the awful user interface, the sudden inability to use cover, the bugs that force you into open combat because you can't vault that f*cking barrier for the third time. This isn't XCOM. It's third-person storyboards with an absolutely PC un-friendly port.
One of the best free racing games i've played! sad that I dont know how do use the vehicles that I have painted though :l
Amazing graphics, possiblility for an immersive experiance, realistic enough to make me feel the frozen winds slashing against my arms and my stomache to grumble when I see a deer. The only problem with this game is the fact that it isn't finished, but still a great playthrough.
Amazing free rome game and can do anything you rilly want to do and the workshop mods are about everything
Awesome, great that you can ride your favourite childhood dinosaurs and take out other things. This game is great fun with your friends!
Great game.
This Game Is a fuun exicting game with lots of action and trust me *its better then minecraft!*
fun
Heyy Thats pretty good
Really good graphics and animations! I would really recommend this game.
Just a rant about those who judge a game off its graphics and not off the actual game itselfOk 90% of gamers, you can ♥♥♥♥♥ an whine about arkham knight not having ultra graphics settings or hitting 60fps. the other 10% will play the game and couldnt give a **** whether batman has rain droplets on his cape.my pc is at least mid-range, i run everything on low and barely notice a difference. remember no arkham game (or any game for that matter) shipped out bug free on the pc.i wont sit there staring at a close up view of batman or an object and pick out all the graphical errors. whether you\'re gliding in the air or speeding through the streets these are things you wont notice cause when it comes down to it you\'re a badass batman in a badass batmobile doing badass stuff. so at the end of the day you can all enjoy not playing arkham knight and not being batman while the rest of us can just have fun playing the game.now just a quick thing on the game so faralso the story is great so far, really loving the new batmobile :D the "big reveal" for the totally originally original character, Arkham Knight isnt as original as one might hope, especially if you\'ve got a basic knowledge of the batman lore. all in all Arkham Knight is the perfect end to the run of Arkham games. the series will be missed :(Check out this Funhaus video, it explains everything about the graphics and why people shouldnt get so worked up over ithttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3r-VTNyuNYAto those saying Arkham Knight is ♥♥♥♥, **** youand to those saying Arkham Knight is great, hope your experience is as enjoyable as mine is :)
One of the hidden gems of steam, this rare greenlight success story stands as proof that amongs the sea of greenlit garbage, there still exist some quality titles.I would urge anyone who has been scarred by the early-access system not to be afraid. I've owned this game since 2013 back when there were only ~three types of armor with similar graphics and few features of note. It somehow managed to be surprisingly fun then, and it has only gotten better since. The dev('s) put out updates often and the game has undergone fundamental changes since 2013. The squad system, the new worldmap, the new factions, the overhaul of equiptment (eg. the armour I mentioned earlier) - all these things have changed since then and every one of these changes, though I often initially missed the old ways, were for the better.Some will say a sandbox game which has been in early access alpha for two years is neccesarily a lost hope. This game proves otherwise.The game is still a little laggy and may run slow on older rigs, it also occasionally crashes, though the rate of these has fallen drastically since '13.I strongly reccomend this game to anyone interested in a vast, open-world survival RPG where it is the player who creates his/her own story.
gg
Nearly spent 2000 hours in this gameevery second is worth it
gud shet m8 but what happened to 'until camp' :(((
awesome game! if you like the first one you'll like this one just as much
this game is a cross between Minecraft and DayZ by people have to survive with the infection of zombies.It is easy to get use to but the inventory sucks at start but it is a zombie apocolypce whats would happenafter a while on the game you would get used to it and have fun but i still think they could add more.i would give it a 8/10 for Unturned
doesnt work, purple screen everytime
AWESOMEPretty much a sophisticated fun game of chess
Made me fail my life10/10
10/10 Punched a hooker in the ovaries
no anda en w8 y un enriedo aserse una cuenta de xbox live
This game is f***ing awesome. You\'ll play this game at least 2 times, no joke. The music is nice and different, the plot is great, various weapons to choose from, various types of \'special moves\' to choose from too, and the character is a kid who uses guns and swords! I respect this kid! Not to mention that the artwork is just phenomenal. Yes. Phenomenal. The music plus the artwork plus the plot plus the whole idea is the reason why this is an award winning game. "Its not my type of game" you might say to yourself, but this is just to good of a game to miss.
very goodbest game ive ever played in my lifelife changing experiance omg so good
สนุกจิงๆคับเล่นกับเพื่อน
Great Game I think!
Very addicting game that has a lot of exciting different characters with special abilities tobatlle with. Lots of items to buy aswell. :)
Portal 1 is obsolete.Get this, cause Y0L0.Makes you think. Especially  the art therapy co-op missions, theyre hard 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                    Please Note I Have 200 - 300 hours on the web version.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I have been playing ROTMG for a long time. I started back in roughly 2012, played if for a year then stopped.I recently got back into the game and i'm loving it.Now for the review:ROTMG is an awesome game. A simple concept turned hardcore. The things thats different about ROTMG is that when you die you die for good (and you lose all your items).  This concept makes the game challenging and makes you try hard not to die. The loot system is also really good so you feel rewarded when you almost die getting an awesome new item.Even though you only get 1 character slot by default, the game is free and it is worth paying $20 to get the begginers pack.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ta re piola ameo lo juego con lo pi mientras la yeni amamanta al yoni, ta punto justo
Russian Simulator.
A nice little RTS that is essentially a stand alone expansion  to 8 Bit Armies. With a total of 4 factions to chose from now (assuming you also have 8 Bit Armies) the 8-bit experience is definately much deeper  than before with larger selections of units and strategies. Military vs Fantasy is also pretty cool. I do believe however, the game is a little unbalanced (eg mass air ), but that is to be expected as the game has just come out. There are also a few typos here and there (eg the tech trees). It would also be pretty cool if we could still have the 8-Bit Armies music in the game when the original factions are selected. If 8-Bit Armies' support was anything to go by, I'm sure Petroglyph will give 8-Bit Hordes the same treatment with constant tweaks and updates.Definately reccomended for fans of RTS or anyone who is looking for a more laid back experience.
>Goes on rp server>12 Year old starts cussing at me>Throws lamp at kid>"Lighten the ♥♥♥♥ up ♥♥♥♥"10/10 would RP again
Look. It's a fun game, it expands on what L4D had and it expands it well. However, and this is only directed to those who are forced to have the low violence version, despite now climing out of the dark ages here in Australia and now having an +18 rating for games we still have a game that has had its suitable and immersive gore cut. Leaving us with a watered down zombie survival game with of all things invisible fire! Buy L4D and imagine what could have been, you'll be more happy. No, don't tell me about a non cut hack especially if it doesn't work for MP.
VERY FUN
lesson learned:"you dont chat with the girl you love every one year"and:1.goodbye2.goodbye3.goodbye"really creator... really"
MEJOR DI TUTTI
Muito Tatico Simulador muito real de submarinos
Lo recomiiendo mas que nad si tienen el Gmod ya que ahi todo es CSS
░░░░░▐▀█▀▌░░░░▀█▄░░░░░░░░▐█▄█▌░░░░░░▀█▄░░░░░░░░▀▄▀░░░▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░░░░░▄▄▄██▀▀▀▀░░░░░░░░░░█▀▄▄▄█░▀▀░░░░░▌░▄▄▄▐▌▀▀▀░░ THIS IS BOB▄░▐░░░▄▄░█░▀▀ ░░▀█▌░░░▄░▀█▀░▀ ░░ COPY AND PASTE HIM,░░░░░░░▄▄▐▌▄▄░░░ SO, HE CAN TAKE░░░░░░░▀███▀█░▄░░ OVER STEAM░░░░░░▐▌▀▄▀▄▀▐▄░░ AND THAT, WILL TELL VALVE░░░░░░▐▀░░░░░░▐▌░░ TO GIVE US HALF LIFE 3░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░█░░░
This game is really cool, you can play multiplayer and fight against the horde or play on your own with 3 other bots, although i havent finished it i think you guys should get it. 8/10
Best Shooter To Date! So Addicting
Pretty bad, didn't even play it for that long. Btw game is shutting down
Best zombie game out there that isnt P2W
Pretty good
Perfect game but it is hard to start
Great game! It has hundreds of active servers, each with a seperate community, and thousand of active players. It also has dozens of game modes. It's the sort of game that you will eventually devote thousands of hours to. When it comes to Gmod, anything is possible.
Good fun game. But the first Dawn of war was way better.Dawn of war 3 2015 PLOX (make it like the first ones)
Es un juego que te cagas de risas con amigos...
Hotline Miami is awesome. The tunes in it are so amazing and the gameplay is just fantastically hard/old school. Definitely recommend it! If you love old school gameplay and old school bit tunes. You're going to love this. It may be an indie game but don't overlook this gem!
I patched the game but when it launches it crashes every time. pls fix
ITS THE BEST GAME EVER MADE EVERY BODY PLAY IT TRUST ME !!!!!!
I give this game 8/10 because of open world game, you can do everytime you want, like if you wanna be a pirate. go be a pirate
Solid 10/10
great game. simple but addictive like tetris or pacman.
Amazing game that never gets boringPros+Hundreds of hours of gameplay+Many secrets to unlock+After you complete the normal world the content almost triples with hardmodeCons+Not easy to get mods/texture packs/custom worlds+I hate the corruption/crimson!!!!9/10 would buy
amazing game, everything is perfect. :)
New Zealand 10/10
i like this you can do all most any thing in this game from building an under ground base to vertualy a castle. build mini bikes or build exploeding arrow heads or guns, even laying down a mine field. anything to keep your self alive through the game.find books to up date your knoledge to create things  its a good game
IDK what to say really.. its made by GGG and is GG
Jogo muito bom com os amigos mas sozinho é repetitivo e enjoativo. Mesmo assim o jogo é incrível com os amigos!
THIS GAMES LIKE ONE OF MY FAVOURITE STRATEGY GAMES EVER
Short Game But Lot of Funny Jokes
Short but beautifully crafted...  Thoroughly recommend.
Amazing game and a ton of fun.
Knifes In Counter Strike Global Offence $30-$400Knifes In The Mordern World $10-$50
tiene una jugabilidad increible
Depois de ter sofrido nesse jogo,ter sido chingado de hacker,ter conado,perdido a vida social,ter arrecadado dinheiro,gastado dinheiro,o que eu posso falar desse jogo?Depois que eu matei alguém na smoke,GG.
This game is really fun. It's free, isn't too much of a real world cash hog and isn't always the same old thing every time you play it. Some enemies do need a bit of a nerf, though, notably those @$$holes who can knock you down with a shield and beat you to death.
Olha eu eustou jogando esse jogo muito e adicionei uns mods esses mods deixarao esse jogo o melhor que eu ja vi
มัมมาก
10/10 BEEN WAITING SO LONG AND ITS FINALLY HERE, IT'S ONLY GETTING BETTER
Tactical genital poking.10/10Looking forward to online multiplayer.
Instead of fixing bugs they add new animals. The biggest problem is the bugs..... Btw you need a very advanced computer to play this game. Very buggy zombies walk through walls and doors.
Brilliant app and a must have for gamers that love using their gamepads frequently. If I knew about this sooner I'd have saved a lot of time and trouble, though I'm glad I found it eventually! Good stuff
I wanted to kill my self after playing this....www.godieinahole.com
A fun game if you are a fan of the anime series. There is a lot going on this game and there is so much to do in it such as side events and doing challenging missions to earn more items.10/10 for me but the multiplayer still needs a bit more fixing to do but overall great game.
Amazing game
Laa! ♪
lots of fun to be had with this game
This game makes me ♥♥♥♥ whenever I think of it!
This game is pretty awesome. It's challenging enough to not bore you to death, and the varied level design is welcomed. The multiplayer component is also very fun (especially on the tornado levels). The only nitpicks that I really have with the game are its fairly short length and graphics (then again, no one really judges how good a game is solely based off its graphics).7/10
Magic. Murder. What's not to love?
꿀잼
It is a really good game that includes amzing side-scrolling action plus heaps of enemies and bosses to keep you occupied. The fun never ends!
make me want to kill myself 10/10
Almost as good as Turbo Pug. Enough said.
This game is a great pass time when in class or talking to your friends on skype.Awesome game11/10
As much as i like Sonic games, this just disappoints me.-I don\'t feel like I\'m playing a Sonic game, i feel so damn slow going through the levels. Why is there a run button? You are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Sonic, you should always be fast.-The levels feels so short, i understand that it have multiple path and everything but with the speed I\'m going with Sonic, even with the infinite spindash they are short.Some level desing has bugs and weird placing of objects, i feel the "worlds" where made up without good level desing, it feels so much the same, same bushes, same trees.. Also, why would you add 2D sections in a 3D Sonic game and make it more slower than the 3D parts? I had a hard part in the Desert Zone 4, why would i wait for the screen to move? I have to run away from a ♥♥♥♥ing tornado that is more slower than Big The Cat! -The bosses... Jeez why would most of the boss fights being in 2D? This is not a 2D Sonic game, it felt so damn easy beating them and their fighting style wasn\'t even original like i felt i\'ve been playing another 2D game rather than Sonic Lost Worlds. -They really ♥♥♥♥ed up the rails mechanic, why cant i change rails like in Sonic Adventure 2, Shadow The Hedhehog, etc. I have to jump manually, and they feel so slow.-Sonic & Tails feels like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ now and make really weird conversations in the cutscene, they dont give a ♥♥♥♥ when they discovered that they world is going to be suck up and die. What the hell? And the cutscenes between battles and story didnt make sense.Yes, its a good port. It have good graphics and its easy to mess around in the settings for better resolution, etc. But i wouldn\'t recommend and i really was hyped while knowing it was going out for pc. This is garbage.
pile of garbage, DON'T BUY.
Com o sucesso estrondoso de Dark Souls era mais do que esperado uma sequencia, mas como todo jogo muito bom, sequencias dão medo pela maioria das vezes não conseguirem ser tão bons quanto os seus originais. Dark Souls 2 não faz parte dessa maioria.Como no primeiro de sua serie o foco do jogo é sobre a maldição (curse), que quando infecta um humano não permite sua morte, mas o ressucita cada vez com menos sanidade e humanidade ate o ponto onde ele fica totalmente insano e selvagem.Centenas de milenios apos os acontecimentos de Dark Souls, Você é introduzido ao seu personagem que esta amaldiçoado, porem, ainda mantem sua sanidade e esta a procura de uma cura, isso o leva a procura por Drangleic, um reino onde se acredita que tenha a resposta contra essa maldição, ao chegar em tal mundo você descobre que nem tudo é como você esperava.Assim como em Dark Souls a historia do jogo é minimalista, para entender tudo é necessario conversar com todos os personagens, ler as descrições de itens e reparar nos visual deslumbrantes que escondem o passado deste reino misterioso. o jogo não lhe apresenta nenhum objetivo, nenhum indicador de onde você deve ir ou algum caminho especifico mas confia em você para explorar sozinho e encontrar seu proprio caminho.O foco de gameplay é seu sistema de combate, simples em primeira mão mas que se torna complexo com o passar do tempo.apesar de ser um rpg onde você pode aumentar status, trocar de equipamento e forjar armas, o jogo aposta mais na sua capacidade de se adaptar aos diferente tipos de inimigos e seus ataques, desde o mais simples esqueleto ao enorme dragão que cospe fogo. a variedade de equipamentos e armas usaveis são mais aproveitaveis ainda quando não se há a limitação por classes ou seja, você pode usar uma espada enorme em uma mão enquanto na  outra desfere magias devastadoras com um cajado, o que balanceia isso é a necessidade de status para que possa se usar com eficiencia essas mecanicas, mas como no jogo não há limite de leveis e você pode relocar seus pontos de status é um alivio para quem não gosta de seguir builds de ponta a ponta. o jogo no inicio te introduz algumas classes porem elas só definem seu equipamento inicial e seus pontos iniciais, elas não limitam o que você pode ser. Seu dinheiro e experiencia são uma coisa só: almas que são obtidas derrotando inimigos ou usando itens, mas há um porem, quando morto você perdera todas suas almas e para recuperalas tera que voltar onde morreu, se nesse meio tempo for morto de novo, adeus a tudo que conseguiu.Os visuais tambem não deixam a desejar, com vistas epicas e inimigos enormes você sempre estara impresionado com o que acontece a sua volta, os minimos detalhes que escondem a historia deste reino perdido são suas pistas para descobrir o que aconteceu, e claro o ambiente, a musica te da uma imersão ainda maior, em um mundo depressivo onde a desgraça caiu sobre os humanos você percebe esse ar gotico e sua orchestra funebreSeu sistema multiplayer consiste em algo unico, cada jogador tem seu mundo e suas ações são independentes em outros mundos porem você pode influenciar outros jogadores com mensagens deixadas no chão ou ate mesmo com poças de sangue que mostram como você morreu, esse recurso é usado para que o jogador aprenda sobre o que vai acontecer e o que pode fazer para evitar. mais influente ainda você pode ser invocado a outro mundo como um fantasma que vai ajudar o dono do mundo a matar os inimigos mas tambem você pode invadir outros mundos para matar seu dono e obter suas almasassim é o sistema cooperativo e PVP do jogoO unico erro é o design das fases que as vezes quebram um pouco da imersão total do jogo e algumas fases que parecem ter sido feitas as pressas pela sua simplicidade, mas nem todas são assimMas o que faz esse jogo tão aclamado? simples. Sua dificuldade.Dark Souls II faz jus ao seu antecessor nesta questão, o jogo não te introduz dicas,marcações,fraquezas ou qualquer outro tipo de ajuda que os jogos modernos nos trazem, ele é diferente, ele confia no jogador em descobrir as coisas sozinhos mesmo que isso signifique morrer milhares de vezes ate aprender um padrão de movimento de um inimigo, não se deixe enganar você vai morrer e vai aprender o quão importante é a habilidade antes de seu equipamentoBonito, Inteligente e brutal essas são as palavras que definem esse ótimo jogo.
You will suffer and you will like it.
A very good game still a bit glitchy in a lot of ways but with some touch ups it could be an amazing multiplayer game experience.
not bad
0/10 Cannot recommendThe game is great but there are to many whiny defects leaving random negative reviews and complaining about DLC.I repeat  DO NOT  buy this game if you enjoy a lack of content and not having fun. Sorry but there is just to much to enjoy to recommend it. Not to mention the constant regular updates and bug fixes, really it's just terrible that these people are actually DOING stuff to improve the game. A real shame indeed.In all seriousness ARK has plenty to offer to those who don't cry when they lose dirt in Minecraft. I may not have a great number of hours in it but I fully intend to spend the next few years remedying that.Spoiler! This game is awesome and is well worth the money. 
This game is great and mods make it better but the mods should be free with a donation button not a mandatory payment
Licked a politician and it rained goats.11/10
❤ CSGO is one of the best shooters I have seen so far. As its graphics are stunning, the gameplay is simple and is competitive. I recommend anyone looking for a shooter game to buy, buy CSGO ❤
THis is a very fun game, i played it for a long time and lvled several charachters However, i cannot now play as the space combat crashes my game
Endless Space is an amazing game that has trapped me in it's atmosphere, i love playing this game even though i don't have that much time on it although i really wish to spend 100's of hours on this, also prolonging 1 game so you're able to build up an unbelievably massive army to obliterate the enemy but beware, the longer you take to build your army the enemy also has ample time to also match your army in conclusion this game is 10/5 doritos.
I love rts Ilike the whole map idea building up troops then taking over land.
I belive this game has lots going for it however the one big negative is that with out other/ friends this is no where as fun as it should be. The recent update has brought out paid for DLC which yes is annoying to say the least howerver people may its ealy accses but i can not agree less this game need thing like paid for DLC to survive it isn't minecraft where addons costed $10 to make it takes at least a $100 for each feacher in this game so mostly positive is a good review for this game.
Beat Hazard, the most BOSS game of all time, of all time!Seriously though, it's a nice timekill. And probably loads of fun if you're high on crystal meth.Pros: MASSIVE EPILEPSY FRIENDLY VISUALSCons: May have fatal consequences on people suffering from epilepsy.It's basically Audiosurf+Touhou+FIREWORKS.♥♥♥♥ YEAH.
=/Good game. /
Let\'s get all of this clear. I played over twenty hours in the Beta, and it refused me to play any more (Apparently my Beta time ran out). However, throughout EVERY hour of this game, I was finding new ways to play, new tricks to try and new methods to win the round. I had only played TWO different classes. Trapper and Monster. Only TWO! I can\'t imagine what else I could have learnt about the game if only I had played MORE! I played twenty hours and was still stuck on how Daisy worked! When I first saw gameplay and trailers I was insistent on how un-re-playable it seemed. I stuck around though, I entered for the Beta and as I mentioned earlier I was hooked. "Wow, that looked pretty epic!" and "I wonder if they would fall for..." was coming out of my mouth at least once EACH round! They say in the "Evacuation" tutorial  (tutorial for the "Evacuation" gamemode) that there are, and I quote, "...over 800,000 possible combinations for the ultimate in replayability." That\'s the so-called "Campaign" of Evolve! There are something like five gamemodes at the moment (if you weren\'t blind enough to read the text if you chose the "Evacuation" gamemode, then you would know this. Not to mention the amount of tutorials they had already released in the "Tutorials" section, which displayed information about all the gamemodes that were going to be available on release). So for all you whiners out there about how "boring" it is and how you "Got bored after two hours" and how that must have had an oh so terrible impact on your life, keep reading, it gets even better!I also read in a lot of the "Thumbs Down" reviews that the game is "...multiplayer only". For your information, I have just tested the single-player (completely offline, disconnected from the wifi offline) and I almost got my teeth kicked in by a bunch of "Normal" difficulty bots (I tried both teams). You can play not only Evacuation mode, but also any other game-mode that you wish (ready?) OFFLINE and still have a hell of a challenge to it! If you had only stopped to understand that when you get access to the open Beta for a game such as this (a game designed to play online with OTHER people) that the developers must evaluate how the game operates under stress! Of course there are going to be a hell of a lot of bugs, of course there are going to be faulty optimizations. THIS IS WHAT A BETA IS FOR! So that you may tell them that there are bugs and so that they may fix them. I found over thirteen little "glitches" in the Beta, one included a little bug where if you tried to climb a wall and the dome fell right in front of you as you went mid-animation to climb, you would simply slide down the wall and get stuck halfway inside the dome. When it was released yesterday, I immediately went to try it out, and well, FIXED! (Same place, probably not the exact same time in the animation but it was definitely within the time frame needed to get me stuck) Stop complaining about bugs if all you did was play the Beta in hopes for it to be perfect!Okay, one thing I must sit on the fence about, is the DLC costs. I agree that it costs too much, but I disagree that it\'s enough to make you not buy the game. Firstly, because the DLC does not add ANY bonuses other than Aesthetics and "Different Characters". Ok cool, different characters, great, mhm. You don\'t NEED them. At all. Whatsoever. Nobody said to you that "in order to play this game you have to buy all the DLC" or "in order to enjoy the game you have to buy all the DLC". Not a single person but those who didn\'t bother READING what the DLC actually IS. The tier system in the game DOES NOT, I say again, DOES NOT give you access to new monsters and characters because they\'re "stronger". It gives you access to them, to keep you playing the game. To find new play styles and combinations and weaknesses and strengths and opportunities where one person\'s ability might come useful, where yours currently isn\'t. That doesn\'t mean that you will completely forget the first character you used in a certain class. No, instead I went BACK to the original character because her toolkit suited my playstyle!Sorry for the fairly long post everybody, but I just hope that this clears any doubts that you may have had about the game, be it with "Singleplayer" issues or "Bugs" or "DLC". If you have anymore questions then feel free to contact me through this account or send me an email at lolploxy@gmail.comThankyou for reading and go slay some monsters!
awesome amazing game filled with adventure
-20/10 bought for multiplayer multiplaer work - change review when added multiplayer
if u are thinking of downloading this.. get it... u have no reason not to
Buy it, i don't care what you have to say, just buy it.It's worth the three dollars so just ♥♥♥♥ING BUY IT.
Buy it, i don't care what you have to say, just buy it.It's worth the three dollars so just ♥♥♥♥ING BUY IT.
It's not that addicting...
fun fps made new friends. great expeirence 11/10
great game would recomend
Great StoryAppropriately Gloomy Art DesignAmazing Voice ActingAnd Puzzles That Require "Outside The Box" Thinking To SolveAn Overall Fantastic Way To Spend An Afternoon.
Don't bother downloading this game from steam. You will have to dowload the entire file again from RIFT. Game looks awesome though so just go to the RIFT website and download it there. I hope this saves people wasting time and data.
Welcome to Crash Simulator 2009-2014and Also For Someone Who Wants to knowYou Dont ACTUALLY KILL FLOORSOr the FLoor Trying To Kill You
Awesome game, love it
I think it had a lot of potential, however the devs didnt quite make it. Instead the tried to make a rainbow six siege/SWAT game. Not to mention its a dead game, no servers, no players and no support. If its on sale for $1.00 i would pick it up, if not stay away.
PLAY THIS GAME 100% OF GUDDDDD FUN
verry good game good  for a early access 69 0ut 0f 70
Nada que decir *-* :DDD Muy bueno 100% recomendable
Got this as a gift. Even though i love old games, this one just bored me. I'd only recommend it for people who feel like playing something that looks like FFVII. Even then, i'd recommend just playing FFVII. btw unless you use winXP prepare to sell your soul to Satan just so it can run. 10/10 would play again.
Everything is just great about this game, no dislikes, maybe some nerfs that need to be done but that's it! :D
its okay.
"Shovelry isn\'t dead"Shovel Knight is an excellent 8-bit throwback with excellent music and fantastic gameplay. It brings back fond memories for all the OGs (old gamers) out there with Metroid-Legend of Zelda-Megaman like styles combined, and a Mario World like stage select. Even without any tutorial of some sorts it forces you to learn as you go along, and that\'s not a bad thing, as it kinda does it like Megman games do. This game is all about the skill of the individual and lacks anything that would seem OP.Also there is much to find and collect for you loot hunters (searching for that sweet booty).Overall the game is amazing and is perfect for anyone who wants a bit of a challenge or nostalgia rush.
Really nice game
cool
I DONT RECOMMEND THIS GAME. AFTER 4 HOURS OF DOWNLOADING AND 2 HOURS TRYING TO JOIN A ONLINE GAME.  IT SHOULD NOT BE SO HARD TO HAVE ALITTLE GAMING FUN.  BY THE WAY, TRYING FOR A REFUND AND STILL NOT ABLE TO JOIN ANY ONLINE GAMES.
A true master piece of a game 101+ hours of playing time is the proof for this. Also with mods skyrim can becomes a completely new game in short if you don't mod the game you are playing it wrong.
i r8 it 8/8 m8s
i r8 it 8/8 m8s
#♥♥♥♥Escrow
Good Game But The Glitches Really Ruin The Fun eg. Falling Through The Ground When Spawning
I Like Tacos
Cool multiplayer
black ops 2 i have to say fairly it was one of the best games ive played in a long time. from the gripping campign to the awsome multiplayer there is something for every gamer to come back to and play more.
Bad graphics! Bad game!
Love the art style and the way it works. It is amazing especially at this deal.
got me saying "just one more game"
Verry Nise, muchh reckomend
OMFG SOOOOOOOOO GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD!!!!!!!!!!!!
doesn't work
lol
I found this game both affordable and fun to play. Obviously it's not a game you're going to be calling your favourite and playing hours on but for $2 it is definitely worth buying.
Andar pelado na rua.
Fun game. You should buy it!
Da best game to play with friends even when u dont know how to play properly
3.0 unturned feels harder... i dont know why. i liked 2.0 unturned better
The game is interesting, I played around 18 hours its a great concept, upgrade your gear, your ship and explore infinite planets. But unfortanly I'm probally not going to recommend this game, reason being the game deleted my save file after 18 hours of gameplay, What a real disappointment. There was a fix around, but really come on hello games, what title out today has trouble saving your progress, and because of that I probally wont get back it to it. I had the momentum going for this game, but once it ♥♥♥♥♥ in your face you cant go back.
This game i played over 8 times and felt it in a different way every time and bought dlc and played some more greatest game. Let me try this in real life...move sword up...slink.... neeh naaah neeeh naah, shots fired.....another bad review  :|
Crowbar  collective did an awsome remake of half life.if u cant play on the old outdated graphics of half life BUY THIS GAME!the graphics are nice btwthis game is great besisdes some issues i had, maybe because I refunded and bought it again.and one more issue the last chapter lambda core was extremely glitched out for example when u killed an enemy it would fly everywhere or just simply just sink into the ground.Any way 7/10 for a great remake!p.s does not have xen level
I brought it - and returned it - worst bug filled thing I ever "tried" tp play. Not worthy of the "X" in its name.
This game I would recommend, but that recommendation is slim.Deepworld is more of just some timewaster hobby than it is a game, most quests I have done are too restrictive or I deem are impossible due to the current state, the world doesn't have a unique pattern of scenery, griefing seems to be the top contendor of that issue and the game still has current bugs and glitches that are yet to be patched even though they are simple to encounter, and the idea that the ENTIRE game revolves around online play is despicable, maybe add some sort of singleplayer mode or custom, since the game kind of revolves on Terraria, take tips off them.But, there are some reason that I have that make me feel this game could be one of the best. The skill bar is a fantastic idea, more unlockables and it makes the game more challenging and addictive! Different weather and environmental hazards such as acid rain keep you on your toes!While I said this game was more of a hobby, I didn't mean a bad one.
VERY AWESOME BUBBLE GAME D:
Water temple stage;Game-breaking glitch stopped progress.Square Enix killed me.
Se é GTA, é bom. Então pode comprar!
The most hardest game of my life. No pun intended. 11/10
Fun Fast and addictive, You'll be happy to die over and over AND OVER AND OVER ANDOVERANDOVERIOJUIGFYHJGY......again.
Super responsive game where you can only blame yourself for your mistakes, and you'll make a lot of them.
Can be considered a short game by some standards. Excellent side scroll zombie hack and slash.Recommended.
I like the Weapons and Guns For this Game, but I don't Get Why the Villans Have to Look like that lke Human Face and then robot Body
pretty funny and cool as hell u should buy it
There's a part in the game where you need to get a kubrow pet ( Dog kinda things) and you need to kill them, destroy their home, take their egg, and then hatch that egg until that kubrow becomes youre sex slave. 10/10 Best Game Ever
Very awesome, and just like the first game, lots of ♥♥♥♥ to do
Great game, lots of fun. Recommend when you first start you concentrate on leveling up good guys. You may get the opportunity to get Daken (Wolverines son) and a couple other of the Dark Avengers, but i wouldn't invest too much iso on them at the start. Most of your early boss battles will be against Dark Avengers, so you'll find your best heroes aren't available in major fights if you've leveled up Dark Avengers.If you're going to spend some cash recommend utilising the daily deals and concentrating on the 2 star and up good guys for leveling.Whilst leveling up 1 star Storm, Iron Man and Black Widow might seem a good decision at the start, if you're planning to play long term I wouldn't wate too much iso on them. They're level capped to 50 (from memory) and are quickly outgunned by the 2, 3 and 4 star heroes.
Legendary
its ♥♥♥♥
Magic only 2 shots. 0/10
This may be a bit late, but i thought it would be wise to share my thoughts on this game, as far as Strategy games go, this is one of the largest scaled ones i've seen, giving massive battlefields, high-tech units and destructive power to everything, unleashing my inner desire to kill everything in a large area, while having a big play area to have so much fun with! Up to 8 player maps, maxed out games can end in 15min or up to 2hours long, giving a wide variety of ways to build your forces and face your enemy head on in this large-scaled-high-tech-land/air and navel weaponary pure destructive fun, this would have to be hands down one of the best i've played, even after the game has been out for so long, people are playing it everywhere today. So as far as you should play it or not? i think yes, yes you should play this game.
it is a good game to play 
Excellent game!
gameplay is basic and actually kinda boring, but this is all about the funny text to speak mechanic
This game is like an alien with 3 ♥♥♥♥, it's awesome!
Terrible...
Amazing to play for the storyline, but it doesnt quite have much replay value. Defenitly buy if you have spare cash and time
Beautiful storyline of redemption, superb immersive atmosphere, memorable characters and glorious speeches. Why the hell do you not own this game, stop looking at the reviews and buy it. (Buy 2033 as well, stock up on Doritos and Mountain Dew and play them one after the other)
AMAZING GAME!!! IF ONLY I HAD A BETTER GRAPHICS CARD :(
este jogo é um lixo antes de baixar nao de bola para as fotos que o jogo é bom por que nao é ele é ruin a fisica é bugadae a jogobilidade é um lixo por isso nao baixe o jogo HAWKEN
Bastion puts the player smack in the middle of a post-apocalyptic scene, as the Kid who survived the Calamity. As you start the game, the excellent music and voice acting will surprise you. The game starts out looking like a generic action game with a few interesting mechanics (such as the world building itself in front of you) but you will quickly realize that there is a huge variety of weapons you can use in this game; in fact, I'd say that the combat system is one of its strongest points. The plot is also not bad, with a little bit of flashback to flesh out the characters in the game, a couple of plot twists, and multiple endings. Without spoiling anything, I will say this: one of the ending sequences is possibly one of the more gripping ones I've played through.And when you finish the game, you will probably want to play it all over again. I did.
Why do people like this?It's ♥♥♥♥ing garbage. Would've been fun in the early 1990's.
THIS IS AWSOME I REALLY HOPE YOU GUYS DO MORE UPDATES WITH MULTIPLAYER MAB ONEDAY
Basicly Cell Shaded First Preson Ninja Looter with shooting.
Put a derp face on G Man!
Recomendo!Pode ser um bom passatempo nas horas em que aquele seu jogo preferido já não está mais tão divertido, o jogo possuí um jogabilidade um pouco instável, porém apesar das frequentes atualizações e por ser um jogo Early Acces (Acesso antecepidado) consegue manter uma jogabilidade boa comparado aos outros jogos desse gênero e que estão nessa fase.Pode ser divertido se for jogado em uma turma de amigos.
O que dizer sobre este Fodend Jogo recomendado pacas ja disse meu amigo tao bom quanto pintar com lukscolor um excelente sucessor da franquia fora eh claro o seu jeito inovador de se jogar fazer mil horas nesse jogo nao eh mais um desfio mas sim uma meta um jogo simples e bom que nao tem palavras para descreve-lo valve sempre inovando novamente digo que eh recomendado a simplicidade dos graficos nao faz um jogo como cod ou bf mas pra mim eh melhor sempre fui fanboy de BF e jogava COD para fazer um easy frag nunca pensei que iria estar jogando cs go mas pra tudo tem a primeira vez foi quando lançou um game la agora nem me importo de saber mas enfim jogo qndo lança eh akela eu euforia 100 - 200 reais e tals mas ♥♥♥♥se pra que comprar ele se eu nao tenho pc pra rodar ? pra que comprar ele se eu nao vou jogar mto pra que gastar tanto em um jogo? bom eu pensei ♥♥♥♥se nao quero mais esse jogo entao olhei a foto do cs go ainda na operação breakout se eu nao me engano e decidi comprar ele joguei mto com meu pc antigo ate ele dar pau mas quando ganhei o meu novo nao pensei mais so queria jogar ele e ele e até agora ele um jogo ♥♥♥♥ despensa elogios se o seu jeito simples até mesmo nos graficos nao te impressionar vc eh um dos ''escravos de jogos atuais'' e das suas diversas formas de dizer que um jogo so eh bom se tiver um ♥♥♥♥ grafico ou se tiver uma fodendo campanha fodendo dlcs ou aquelas armas robadas de ♥♥♥♥♥ que vc so consegue comprar se jogar o jogo por 500 hrs ou se botar cash mas, (primeira pontuação as ultimas 30 linhas) se vc eh daqueles jogadores antigos e varava as noites na lan house por causa do 1.6 HAHAHA compra essa ♥♥♥♥♥ logo nao sei o que tu ta fazendo vendo review se vc for de humanas ai se vai ser salario anual mas vai ser bem gasto todo esse tempo que vc poderia estar beijando arvores vc vai estar jogando esse fudendo jogo (♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ serio que tu ta até agora aki?) enfim se o jogo nao fosse ♥♥♥♥ nao estaria aqui escrevendo tudo isso ainda mais tendo tema de casa para fazer mas ♥♥♥♥se o que o ensino medio vai me proporcionar eu gasto com CS valendo um destino eu digo compra logo isso vc vai se divertir para ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥  e outra nao tem o problema que cod bo2 tem alem do preço eh claro ele eh mais barato o jogo em si tem uma ♥♥♥♥ comunidade ;)
O jogo possui gráficos bonitos, mas poucas opções. Existem diversas pistas porém todas as "corridas" são baseadas em tempo. Isso reduz as opções do jogador e faz o game ficar cansativo...
Yesssssssss
AWESOME! If you like Batman, you'll love this game.
Very good and highly recommened for first person shooters. Most skill based shooter till this day.
Its poopy and ♥♥♥♥ and everything u touch kills u doesnt make sense
9/10 many hours to play just have to get good
This is possibly my favourite game of all time. Despite the shotty job that they did porting it over to PC, some simple to install mods make this game one of my best experiances on, any platform. The challenge it gives you, is the perfect thing for anyone who wants to test their "skills" as a gamer. The way the community has decided it works is, in my opinion, quite good. The higher your level, the worse you\'re doing, and having a higher level makes the game harder since the better players that you could summon for help have lower levels then you would think. This is a almost perfect game, if it didn\'t have the issue of people modding characters to be OP despite their level and eqiupment. None the less, this is an amazing game and anyone considering buying Dark Souls should buy it while they can. you won\'t regret it.
That dragon at the start was a pain in my buttcrack because whenever i looked at him i got ddosed now nicknamed Wilfred the DDOSING dragon
It is better if you have multiple players so any one can join me if you want
Its Fresh
This games endgame is the only thing that lacks and even then its still a blast to play 9/10.
This game is a ridiculous, open world, action game that is just plain fun to play. The story is ridiculous and some of the missions parody other games and even some movies. This game is ridiculously fun and I would recommend it to anyone who asked me about it.
Dont starve is a fun and exhilarating game about survival in an unknown world. it is realistic and gives a sense of achievement when each day has passed i give it 8/10
It is a prety good game but the dlc  is way to much costing more then the game to get all the dlc .
I think people are to harsh on this game. The community expected to much from a small game. It devilivered what it said was. A middle age surivial sandbox game with pvp elements. The community that still plays this game though scarse now loved roleplay and got extremly involved in the game. ANDS ITS PROBBALY THE FUNNIEST GAME OF ALL TIME!
Played it since 2005 as Dota 1 and still loving it
Found Gun 3 shot a zombie use fist 2 shot to head 10/10 Best logic in the world
newgrounds
good
listn ya sum ♥♥♥♥♥ if you wanna rag tag along in this story you better have a loaded pistol and a lotta dynamite to wash it down and experiance the greatest of western gaming in juarez youll meet famous western gunslingers hell theyll even get you riding along side billly the kid.so if you got gold in ya wallet think abot this game to play
If you haven't REALLY played the game then You can't enjoy it for what it is 23/10
penie wenie
Ark is a really fun game that needs to come out for console because i have a mac with like 4GB left so when this game gets higher i have to delete it its really sad. needs to come out on console
The game has a lot of depth.No literally the game takes place under Mt. Abott.
this game sucks
The best Hiding Simulator. Sperm Hornet/10
GAY
If you like RANDOM ♥♥♥♥ then you like GARRRRRYYYSSSSS MODDDD......
Awesome game i love it!
Dis game is like fully sick hectic. And when u get in team fight it be like RAVAGEEE OH OHH OHH BLACKK HOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOLLLLLLLLLLLLLEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!! yeee pre much 10/10 would bang :3
You Have to Win the Game is a 2D sidescolling adventure where as the name states, beat the game. You control this little guy who looks like Milon from Milon's Secret Castle and travel through the maze like world in order to escape and win the game. The controls are the basic, run and jump style, with some powers ups thrown in from activating platforms, extra height and wall climbing. It may look simple but it's really challening, espicially when you're trying to get 100%. The graphics are like something out of the olden days of PC gaming, with no music and only the sounds of bleeps and bloops. Think of this as more like the game Adventure on Atari 2600, mixed in with the map layout of Metroidvania, and you've got yourself a fun and challenging game that is surprisingly free to play.
Really fun to join some mates and rob some places in this!
This Game Is AWESOME!!!It's very fun to play it, if you want a good game to past the time, this game is perfect, its not hard to play  and it entertains youSimple controls and very nice to play with a gamepadBut if you don't like rock / metal , don't spend your money, cause this game will rocks you!!!!!
Great Game, Immersive game modes and awesome fun with friends 
Very good game although make the metal structures look more pleasing to the eye
For so long I was trying to find a good Diablo II style RPG, I had seen torchlight 2 but never considered it and when I finally gave in and got it I played it for days straight, it gave the feeling of Diablo II with a whole lot of new content and addons through steam workshop. I absolutely love it. 10/10
Damn that 20 Minutes of your time is worth it, totally
Great game to roam around with friends reccommend it if you are sick of csgo or just need a change in general :)
wow, such awesome, very play
i like the pixels :-)
i love this game so much
it is amazing
BEST GAME EVER
One of the best games out there.Its a MUST GET
It has absorbed me. Send help.
loved this game, couldn't be more happy with it.
Yes
ถึงจะเป็นเกมฟรีแต่ความมันผมให้ 9/10 สนุกมากส่วน 1 คะแนนที่ไม่ให้คือ โหมดที่ให้เล่น ใน โหมด สุ้หับบ็อทมันน้อยไปหน่อย แล้วก็เกมก็มีระบบที่ดีนะ แล้วก็อย่าดูถูกว่ามันแค่เกมหรี เพราะถ้าซื้อของในเกม 1 อย่างนะ ก็จะเป็นแบบเกมแท้แล้ว ครับ เหมือนมีเกม 1 เกมอยู่แล้ว แบบไม่ใช้ free to play ครับโหมดก็เยอะนะ แต่ถ้าเล่นกับบ๊อทมันน้อยไปหน่อย ครับ แล้วก็ความรับเยอะมากกกกก สำหรับคณที่ชอบเล่นเกม fps ไม่ควรพลาด (การเขียนอาจจะแปลกไปหน่อยนะ) ถึงมันไม่ควรพลาดก็จริงอยู่แต่ว่า คุณที่เล่น คนไทย ก็เด็กเกรียนเยอะด้วยครับ แล้วก็การเล่นก็เล่นก็ต้องฝึกให้มากถึงจะเก่งถ้าไม่ฝึก บ่อยๆจะกากมาก เกมนี้ไม่ได้เก่งเพราะของ แต่เกงเพราะ ฝีมือ
BEST GAME EVER DOWNLOADING MAPS MAKE IT MORE FUN!
11/10 would 100% again
Cool Game even tho i havent played it that mutch still cool
Decide to protect my mates whilst they went afk. Stared into the fire we made- for night time. We are decked out with killer gear, I don\'t have any thoughts on getting shot because of how big the map is but out of no where I get knocked out, my mate gets shot in the privates and my other mate can\'t walk. "Get rekt son" says some feminine voice, Then we realise the voice was a young lad who just bet 3 grown men. 10/10 would recreate this event
1) jump2) die3) cry4) repeat but for real this game is awesome
Give buyers a chance to refund!!!
CHANGE THE ♥♥♥♥ING TELEPORTING ORC SO ♥♥♥♥ING ANNOYING THEY KNOCK ME THEN THE TELE THAN THEY KILL ME. PIECE OF ♥♥♥♥ GAME
ty dicka :^)
Play it! Play it NOW!!
a solid 10/10 -Bryan
WTF!?!?! A ROBOT HOOCKER!?!?!
I never asked for this.
******เกมดีบอกต่อ*******************************ใครที่ชอบแนว สงคราม,เล่นเป็นทีม,เล่นหลายคน,สมจริง เกมส์นี้เป็นตัวเลือกที่ดี------ข้อดี-------กราฟฟิกค่อนข้างโอเคไม่แย่มาก 8/10-การเล่น CO-OP เน้นเล่นกันเป็นทีมมาก 9/10-การเล่นหลายคนยังไม่ค่อยเน้นเล่นทีมสักเท่าไหร่ 7.5/10-ระบบปืนและหน่วยแต่ล่ะหน่วยเยอะกำลังดี 8.5/10-ระบบการเล่นไม่ว่าจะการวิ่ง,เดิน,หมอบ,โยกหัว 8/10-เรื่องราคาผมซื้อมาตอนลด 50 บาท 10/10------ข้อเสีย-------ไม่มีรถถังหรือพวกเครื่องบิน-ตอนเล่นแรกๆระบบจะงงนิดหน่อย-การเดินบ้างครั้งยังยุ่งยาก******คะแนนโดยรวม 9/10**************************************(แนะนำให้ซื้อตอนลดน่ะครับเพราะเกมนี้ลดแล้วถูกมาก)
jogo legal pra crl
As much as I would like to recommend this great title to you folks to show your appreciation to the efforts of the developers, I cannot do so at the moment. For me, the game appears to be plagued with some awful game-breaking bugs involving the NPCs. It appears whenever you exit the game and load up one of your saves after opening it again, the AI of characters such as Vortigaunts and Marines seems to stop functioning. I don't need to elaborate how much this ruins the experience.As for the multiplayer, pretty much nobody really plays it at the moment. This is especially for Australian gamers like me. I do like the new character customiser, however.But as for that legendary singleplayer experience that everybody's been raving about, you might just want to stick with the free version for now until either Xen comes out or maybe a few more updates to the Steam version.
It stands out in its own light compared to Minecraft. A lot more action based yet still maintaining a lot of the creative aspects we know and love about Minecraft. If you don't mind the 2D layout, you should definitely give Terraria a try as it won't fail to disappoint, guaranteed :D
เป็นแนว shooter MMORPG แบบ Open Worldมีจุดเด่นของเกมนี้อยู่ที่การขุดแร่ใครเล่นเกมนี้แล้วไม่เคยขุดแร่ไปขุดซะ =w=/เคยเล่นมาตั้งแต่ Beta แรกๆเลยในตอนนี้ระบบต่างจากตอนนี้มาก และเล่นยากกว่ามาก แต่ปัจจุบันระบบพัฒนาไปเยอะมากจนแบบว่า คนที่ไม่ได้เล่นมานานๆแล้วต้องมาเริ่มนับ 1 ใหม่เลยที่เดียวแต่เนื่องจากเหมือนเป็นเกมที่รีบปล่อยและพัฒนาระบบบ่อยครั้ง เลยอาจเจอบัคในเกมได้อยู่เรื่อยๆในเกมนี้มีระบบ Craft และสามารถเปลี่ยนอาชีพได้เรื่อยๆ แต่เลเวลแต่ละอาชีพจะแยกกันเกมนี้จะมีอาชีพหลักอยู่ 5 อาชีพ ถ้าจะเอาอาชีพขั้นสูงต้อง เล่นให้ได้เวล 40 ก่อน หรือหาซื้อปลดล็อกอาชีพที่ตลาดประมูล หรือใช้แคสเกมนี้มีระบบเปลี่ยนเงินในเกมเป็นเงินแคสได้ด้วย แต่จะซื้ออะไรแนะนำให้ไปดูที่ตลาดประมูลก่อน บางอย่างจะขายถูกกว่าซื้อเองมากที่เห็นหลายคนที่ไม่ชอบคงเป็นเพราะเล่นมาตลอดตั้งแต่ Bate จึงเจอการเปลี่ยนแปลงระบบหลายครั้งจึงอาจทำให้ไม่พอใจ อันนี้เค้าคิดเอาเองนะปัจจุบันเล่นมาจนเวล37แล้วยังไม่เห็นว่าเป็นเกม pay 2 win ยังไง สงสัยต้องลองเล่นไปไกลๆกว่านี้สรุปแล้ว เป็นเกมที่สนุกดี แต่อาจเจอบัคบ้างเป็นบางครั้งแต่บัคไม่ร้ายแรงพอรับได้
You die.ALOT.But its fun :D
Amazing game 10/10, press F1 to cheat.
Garrys Mod is a very good game because you can build want you want and put it on dupes for other people to veiw, there are loads of minigames like ttt,murder and the list gose on and on and on.You can also play with your friends with some basic sand box mode and just play around and it is very fun i recommend this game for any age.
55555+
O jogo tem um multiplayer otimo .
the game is dead,the updates fled,and this is quit unamusing,(+it doesnt let me change the resolution of the fricking game!)
dis game iz gud
This game is addicting, competitive and fun. you can play with a group of freinds and play on community servers.Very ballenced sides and weapons, nice graphics and is a very good game!-The Brave Bagel
Its just so fun
Gg no re.
มันส์มากกกกกกกกกกกกกกกยิงกันนี้อย่าง....ต้องเล่นเองละถึงรู้
10/10 IGA1. build tiny car2. die3.get ♥♥♥♥♥♥4. get to rank 10Best Game Ever
Counter Strike Source is a great shooter, with solid team mechanics and fun gunplay... It has aged marvolously well9/10 Olier Fen
I feel like i bought a 1$ packet of chips WIHOUT CHIPS IN IT!Quite simply: I CANNOT PLAY IT! ... It's BROKEN! I haven't been able to connect to any servers and when I do, the game crashes!  Why do they even try to sell this game?! Do they seriously expect to make money this way?! Have they even tried the game before selling it?!
It's a really good thinking game at some points but overall awesome
stupidly addictive
I have put just over 500 hours into this game and it is one of my most favourites and I highly recommend getting it if not all ready as it is lots of fun when you have friends playing it with you and there is also 2 types of gamemodes you can play now [the legacy and experimental] this game is still an early access so there are some bugs but over all it is very fun the only problems I have ever had in this game though are the hackers in the legacy they are so annoying and some severs I join the admins either don't ban them or the admins are friends with them so I hope that the devs can work out a way to fix this issue as it is just a neusence how they can fly into your base and take all the goods but other then that it is so fun sometimes I never want to stop playing this so I rate this game 10/10
Good mix of action and story. Learned how to say ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in chinese.
One of the best fps games in the world!10/10
I dont Really Care about Multiplayer, like some guys are COMPLAINING about.When i get bored i just shot and kill my npc allies:]LOLOLOLOLOLOL I LOVE THE SLOW MO DEATH ON THE NPCS :D
I Just Wanted To Recommend a Game, No Comment. Well okay Ill Speak :) I Choose This Game Cuz Its Funny MultiPlayer Of Course, And Its Very Fun I Could Play Hours Of This Game.... Well I Have But I could Play Alot More Of This. Just GO DOwnload It Already If You Havent Is just Fun, Even Better With Players And Humans On It....... Ummmmm Yeah Awkward :P
Super fun
DLC quest is worth it's price and is fun to play in a waiting room. Simple but at the same time it's confusing. It comes with two quests. i liked the second quest. It lacks action and need of skill, the game is just find the coins. OVer all it's a good game that needs some inprovements. A LIKE FROM ME!
Once you get past the soul crushing learning curve it is a joy to play! But that learning curve >.>
It's a great game, but not worth 60$. Buy the game when it's on sale otherwise don't really buy it. I did buy season pass and I think it's worth it. Are you wondering if it's a good game? Sure buy you'll have fun.
굳굳 안하면 안하는 거지 뭐
Highly recommended, unlike any other game out there, expect maybe mount and blade but this game is fast paced, addictive and has a flavour and humour that is all its own, not for the novice or impatient.Highly competitve but also relaxed, changes server to server.
All around its fun but it is also not fun at timed becasue when you should find a gun you dont find it and there is no CARS what is up whith that but still all in all it is fun
love it
Excellent game, it characters are deep enough to make you feel like they are actually alive, and the storyline is intrigating and makes you want more and more. I only hope all the choices you make will take a singnificant change in tue future, but as it is now, is a very good game.
Shoot Zambiez, Buy Gunz, Shoot More Zambiez, Buy More Gunz. Very Repetitive yet Addictive.
This game, although in early access, is one the best, funniest and enjoyable games ever. Who doesn't want to play as a giant rabbit, wolf or cat and beat the living crap out of another rabbit, dog or cat? Plus, there are a vast amount of open levels, an in development parkour system and a splitscreen mode! Overgrowth, no money wasted.
This is overall a very good game... But I have uninstalled it and am now waiting for it to be a bit more polished up before taking the plunge and really getting into it.
A great portal mod that adds a perfect twist to the portal we know9/10
A must have game. Great fun. Hours of endless enjoyment.  10/10
you can go pew pew and jump and your at another place and a white thing whith a lazer beam goes pew pew and you goes pew pew and it fall and its freind goes pew pew and you die. 10/10
environmental kills are de beast
Pretty good game
this is game if trying to get into cod
best game if u love defending games <3
:walking with gold: :sees bulldozer::♥♥♥♥♥ pants::die blam it on lvl 1:
Best game in the world. 10/10
great game fun battles but the AI rebels are hard to beat, other than that its a good game part strategy and part action and there is a lot of mods for better gameplay
very good i like it
Never wanked in a Gym, I can tick that off.Never wanked near the Christmas Tree, I can tick that off.Never have I ever wanked in a Hospital, I can also tick that off.Maybe next time a crazy Bodybuilder runs in the Gym I will bat one out.10/10 I will RL8 soon, Fam!
If you haven't played Dark Souls, you haven't played video geams.
car soccer
Awesome fun game, would definetly recommend this to friends
(One update to this at the bottom)If you\'re low on cash and trying to get a survival-based game, Unturned is a great choice. Hardly any lag or bugs so far, simply because I don\'t play on public servers, so I can\'t say anything about that. But going Han Solo gives you a great experience without aggressive players. The beginning is the most challenging part, because you start out naked somehwere on an island called "PEI", with nothing but a flashlight and maybe a candy bar and a juice box. Or, if you dislike getting killed by zombies, there\'s the map "Arena" which has a slight Hunger Games feel.Pros:-It\'s free-Little bugs or lag-Low(ish) learning curve-Variety of locations-Realistic-ish needs such as Thirst, Hunger, Sickness, and Stamina-Energy Drinks-Simple graphics-Skill cusomization-Did I mention it was free?Cons:-Heard of hackers on public servers-Heard of very aggressive players on public servers-Very easy after getting settled in with good items-Need to use the wiki for crafting-Only two, medium-sized mapsEnd Result:Get it, definitely! It\'s free, so you won\'t feel guilty about spending money if you dislike the game. Also, by the end of January there is a scheduled 3.0 update, that will hopefully fix most bugs and glitches, add a new "Canada" map, the largest map in the game, update the crafting, update the vehicles, and even add a new neccesity related to how cold you are. You can check the map update news yourself for some hype-inducing preview pictures!P.S.It\'s free~REVIEW UPDATE~The 3.0 update came out, and Unturned\'s new Beta mode looks great! Nelson is making great progress on upping the ante. Unturned is really beginning to shape into a full game, very akin to Day Z with the backpack system. The game mechanics are different from the Alpha, including a ton of different skills. There is fishing now, in case hunting wasn\'t your thing, or you want to collect food without attracting too much attention but are too lazy to farm and settle. There is now a little bit of lore to how the apocalypse started, and the Canada map has been changed to PEI again. I have a feeling there will be exploration off of the island of PEI, but I haven\'t exactly gotten that far yet. (Still free, btw.) The crafting system has been greatly improved, where depending on you crafting level in the skill tree, having an item will automatically show you what you can craft with it, along with the other items also required. Unturned Beta shows even more promise than the Alpha did. Oh, and watch out for Mega Zombies. (Pro tip, use a gun) (Pro pro tip, when you don\'t have bullets, use a sledgehammer) (Pro pro pro tip, just run away, it\'s easier... sort of)
มันมาก สะใจมาก
Otimo jogo com o foco em mutantes, e otima jogabilidade
This game made me rethink communisim +1
There are no proper servers and you must have a good computer to play
great game only elamet it needs is ground
It's a great game! The game and demo are not the same and have a story to tell.
lo recomiendo para los qe no pueden comprar chivalry medieval warfare y la jugabilidad esta bastante bien echa.-aaa357
Let me tell of a recent adventure I had while playing this with my friend...We started on a large island. Wasn\'t as large as I thought it would be, but it was large enough. Of course, we started gathering woods first, so we could have a shelter for the first night. Whereas my friend focused more on the framework, I focused more on making our shelter look pretty, by adding a Japanese-themed roof. Once we placed the last chair, the Guide rushed towards our newly made house and declared it his. Our first night wasn\'t bad. We just stayed inside, made a second floor while we were fighting off hordes of zombies, and eventually turned it into a temporary shooting range! So for the whole night, we shot zombies with our bows and arrows.The rest of the game was spent doing pretty much that. We collected woods (and sometimes stones), improved on our shelter (which eventually turned into a tower), and eventually mined. We kept mining a specific network, which in time lead us to the Underworld. Now mind you, we played on Hardcore. So if I died, then I die for good on that server. Anywho, our first trip to the Underworld wasn\'t too bad. We made a hellevator, and rode it down to the Underworld. We scouted for a bit, until we were attacked by demons. When we lost more that 50% of our health, we knew it was time to go back. And so, we teleported back home with our magic mirrors.So from that day forward, our mission was to mine the Hell out of Hell. Now this is where the story ends. I thought for sure that I would have died from a demon, or fell and slipped into lava, but no, it was from something else entirely. I decided to discover more of the network of caves, and hope to find treasure chests here and there. But no. I stepped on a pressure plate, and a boulder fell on me. I died, while my friend laughed and stole my items. That was when I stopped playing Terraria. Then update 1.3 came and I was like, "Yipeee, I wonder what other deadl y contraptions Redigit has in store for me!"-pls excuse bad inggris.
You can send in Kamikaze Ptheradactyls 11/10
nice game :3
wuuuuu i got this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game free see ya in game ♥♥♥♥
GG no re
Basicamente Super Smash Bros. para PC.
Too confuesing controls suck and just annoying
it is an awesome game
amazing!  buy it.  you won't regret buying this funy and querky game 10/10
Skyrim is good, you should get it.
What else can i say besides amazing!
CS:GO is one of the many games in the counter strike franchise, it is a game i have been playing since i was a child and has been a eye opener of how much technology has advanced since counter strike started.  It improved and improved as time goes on and has shown me this game is worth keeping.The game is very simple, you are either a Terrorist or a Counter Terrorist.The goal of the Terrorist. To plant the bomb at the selected sites A or B or defend the hostages from  being rescued by the CTAnd the Goal for Counter Terrorist. Defend the bomb sites and rescue the hostages But thats the main gamemode people play which is called Casual. There are many gamemode to choose from in this version of counter strike. The gamemodes other than Casual isDemolition, Competitive and Death MatchGoals for each gamemodeDemolition:  is where you start with one gun and per every kill you get you rank up to the other gun and the goal is to the end of the game is to get the Golden knifeCompetitive: Similar to Casual but stricter, the game is based  on a 5v5 startign with little money and a game that can go to 90 mins. The reason is that it is 30 rounds and the first to 16 wins and 15 being match point.  at 15 rounds the team will swap and the maps are up to you to decide what you want. So for example you just want dust 2 you can just tick dust 2 in your pick of the maps. Team killing is allowed in this gamemode so be careful when u shoot. In competitive you cannot free cam as you can only spectate your team mates and your self for a little bit after you die. The match making is based on your skill level. Unranked is the lowest and the highest is Global elite but dont worry, what rank you are is the systems way of matching players to you Death Match: Death Match is usually the game mode where you practice for competitive because aim is vital in this game. Death Match gives you the option of picking what gun youw want and what Pistol you want to practice agaisnt other players. There is a point system where guns earn you points and guns being selected as random to give you more points if you do get a kill with it.There are many reason why Counter Strike Global Offesnive  differs to other first person shooters. 1 it is constantly being updated, what differs from most fps that they dont usually tweak the game that much but in CS:GO they update regularly. 2.  its a packaged deal, you just buy it and you got everything you need without DLC execpt for gun skins to change the appearance and missions are for ways to complete tasks for a reward of a skin or case in the end. 3 Its cheap. CS GO is very cheap in comparing from the other  main fps titles like Call of Duty, Battlefield etcIn CS GO theres also  some things that most FPS dont havein cs go you have set money and you can earn  through kills and winning rounds to buy better guns in the game either being more accurate or have more damage. Health is also something different most fps's dont have. For example if you are shot in the game you lose health and regenerate like most Fps's right? Wrong, in CS:GO you have a set health with armour to back you up  but if you are shot in the round  you cannot get back the health until the next round.  Hope you love this game more than I and will be fun to see you in CS:GO
hell fun to just hack and slash and blow up zombies to your hearts content.the only problem with it is the lag, you need a pretty decent computer to run this game properly.for that I give it around a 7/10 or maybe less
sdgvgvdsvds
Liked the updates and ♥♥♥♥
solod 20 billion people using magic and a gun that shot explosives while throwing grenades that made smaller grenades.10/10
It's a very fun games to play!More fun with the new taunts!
I really want to enjoy this game and I don't mind that it's effectively a dlc for Saints Row 3, but I'm rarely able to get into game let alone play for a couple hours and then any progress I do make goes unsaved. For no apparent reason my game will just close to desktop and this appears to be an issue many other people have had, I've installed no mods and on multiple occasions uninstalled and redownloaded the game. I'm using a fairly high end pc rig so I'm really doubting it's performance issues. For this reason I really can't recommend the game. I hope that this issue is solved because it really is fun to just mess around with all the things in the game :(
Best game 10 out of 10 would tap garry again ;)
Great Game!
Fantastic game garry but one small problem, ITS BUGGY AS ♥♥♥♥!:3
Haha - this game is fun..
Cheap and awesome game
Would be good if it wasn't ♥♥♥♥ But I still play it
In this game, you can easily find friend and enemy, it was like from the beginning of the game, you already can decide, is your team mate is your friend, or your ACTUAL enemy, but that said, i have find more friend, much more friend rather than enemy. And it is one of the greatest learning simulator, 9/10 would play everyday to learn. 100000% recommended for anyone who want to get smart!!  :)
finaly i was waiting for a remake
Awesome demo!!! If u love the demo then get the GAME ALREADY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Very Good game
Fish
Dis be fan diddley tastic
a very good game.
Noice
10/10 Excelente juego, jugabilidad muy fluida, graficos ajustados al jugador, y variedad de personajes, hacen de este un excelente juego. GG Valve
I got a bat with a ball and I hit it at someone and they died 10/10
<3
este juego es muy bueno
Great Game
Awesome game to play with friends, hours of fun.
Very good game
best martial arts sim ive playedalso the one ive played but nevermind
Brings back good ol memories of star wars. It's fun until you meet the pros or hackers. Can't tell the difference. :/ lol
10/10 Its ok -IGN
gud much customise such gun
This game is fun. I would trade everything for cs go, i had a family, now I do not...
well its a great game the only thing is when i bought the game (not complete pack) i thought it would still come with the american and wermacht but it didint so if you guys do buy this please be warned!!!
Mountain is a dollar well spent. For those saying its just a glorified screensaver, to each their own. But make no mistake, there is actually quite a bit to do in Mountain.Looking out on the abyss in which your mountain floats is serene. Sometimes, terrifying, if your annihiliation is slowly flying towards you. Yes, it's not as flashy as COD, but I would take this over COD anyday. Just the quiet ambience, and the occasional lone, melancholy note signalling that your Mountain, this huge, hulking Mountain, has thought of something. Sometimes it reflects on the weather. Other times he expresses sadness and memories long forgotten. Controls-wise. Well, the music you can play. You can activate raging firestorms, fish, frogs, hearts, coins, or even blood. It all comes raining down upon your Mountain in a way that can be truly terrifying, engaging, or beautiful. Every now and again, your Mountain experiences a bit of cold weather, and snow comes down upon it, coating your little objects in white fluff. You can zoom in to examine these objects, these stray pieces of someone's or something's life, that come crashing into your Mountain from the cosmos. You can then move these objects, or feel joy/sadness as you purposefully/accidentally send them hurtling back into the void. You can express your distaste at clouds by waving your mouse wildly in defiance.The game is meant to be played when you want. I recommend checking up on it occasionally, but not actively playing if you don't feel like it. Check back if you hear the telltale ping of the Mountain's thoughts.The Mountain is thinking. The Mountain is waiting.
luv it
it says i have the gold edition in my library but i dont have all the stuff that comes with it :/ i got the game in the 1st day thing which i think is why i have the gold edition
This not just finishing the story, challenge other players' level and train your brain to the limit!
Kinda of annoying since it's not intergrated with the steam music player like some other games but thats the only gripe with it, a perfect soundtrack for a perfect game.
IT'S F*CKING DOTA.
was good now crap gg
Get it lel 10/10
This game requires a Microsoft account and an XBOX Live account. That's some cheese. It has a lot of things to do before you can actually play the game. I understand that this game has an XBOX version. But you should atleast take it off for the PC Version. Some people here don't have Xbox live. Also,  not good for people with low patience.
asome
This game is ultimate mayhem!  Think about what you'd get if you crossed playing Diablo like dungeon crawling, with first person shooter, Warcraft 3 style graphics and procedurally generated maps: THAT'S ZIGGURAT!A must have for any gamer in my opinion, it's great casual fun.  Or you could take it seriously and try to beat the ziggurat!A great game, that is also available for Linux!
un clasico de los zombis
oloco bixo
I bought this game on impulse at a steam sale, not aware of its difficulty or having used a 360 controller prior to this (shush, don't judge me). The first time I played I kept dying to the Asylum Demon, completely unaware of the open doorway to the side...The game doesn't spoon feed you, sure you get some helpful controls scattered along the floor, but after that you're on your own. Death is frustrating, especially when you know you were too greedy with attacks. But nothing feels better than defeating a boss you've been struggling on. The overwhelming taste of sweet sweet victory, your hands shake from the the pure euphoria and rush. I've had a taste, and now I'm addicted.To anyone who thinks this game might be too intimidating: If I could get past Capras Demon, someone who's barely played an RPG, I'm pretty sure anyone can.BLIGHTTOWN!! BRING IT ON
bad game i was rich then the value of my items went downnillys realm is better
I fell to my death, respawned, chopped up my corpse, cooked and ate it. 10/10
piece of crap game
meh its ok
great game exactly what i was looking for, but a bit expensive when the dlc will bring total cost to around the same as a big new release title eg totalwars; and this just dosnt have the content or the depth for the price.for those after the pure panzer turnbased stratagy experiance this is the ♥♥♥♥gott mit uns
awesome, pure awesomness
이놈들은 오버킬은 게임을 무료로 배포해서 이런식으로 판매하면 몰라도아주그냥 게임과 팩을 돈을 판매하는 행태를 보면 데체 얼마나 돈을 두둑히 챙길려는지 알것같다 차라리 업데이트 하지말자 이럴거면 차라리 팩을 4만원에서 5만원 받든가 아에 못사게
Can flashbang teammates 10/10
Good times destroying everything with a star on it, killing lots and lots of people, and zooming around in a car, plane, boat, a parachute or a grappling hook.
Very Good Game excepqt for that you cant trade if you havent bought anytihng from the tf2 store
Amazing Game. There is a pretty step learning curve but once you get over the curve you are gonna have tones of fun. Yes you will get angry sometimes but come on, what game doesn't make you angry at one point.9.5/10
Terraria is a game that has kept me entertained for hours, With all the bosses and item to collect. There is so much more to do than just sit around and chop trees all day. If your into the sandbox and adventure style of games I think you would enjoy this I would recommend it to you if you like sandbox, Building, fighting pvp or just working with friends.
Amazing
There's plenty to complain about in DayZ. You can spend your early hours with the game just wandering through the woods or searching empty houses for supplies. The game offers very little in the way of guidance when you start. Once you finally get some decent gear, you can lose it in a flash if you're caught by surprise by a couple zombies or a trigger happy player. Still, the loose and harsh nature that many people hate about DayZ is also why people love it. Yes, finding fresh food or water so you won't die can be annoying. On the other hand, it forces players to converge on the supply-rich towns where the zombies are most concentrated. The hunt for scarce resources and ease of death forces players to either band together, hunt each other, or become sneaky hermits. You can make the game into a co-op shooter, survival horror, deathmatch, or somewhere in between. The game's what you make of it. 8/10
esta mortla volar ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s
this is a game with lots of mini games whats not to like
It\'s an enjoyable game that doubles as a great time waster, the lag is horrible and when it comes to "Humans vs. Dinos" it\'s more like "Humans are ♥♥♥♥ed". Unless you\'re playing against a team of monkeys, you have absolutely no chance of winning as a human. The classes are nice and I myself prefer the Trapper class over the rest (Mainly because I purchased a DLC for that class) and The Dinos handle very nicely, but do the humans handle nicely? They handle like a sports car on speed, twitchy and unpredictable. Other than those minor issues, I enjoy the game but only buy this if you need a game that you can waste your valuable time on. 7/10
Brilliant game, can play multiplayer by downloading Synergy :D
Wow! This game has serious potential! DayZ has to be one of the best games I have ever played. DayZ has the simple concept of surviving. You are dumped into a post apocalyptic world infested with zombies. This may sound simple, however, it is something that I just love. The DayZ worlds (yes there has been several different worlds created for DayZ) are just beautiful. They are massive and have an eerie stillness to it that makes you so immersed into the gameplay, thinking that you are actually in a zombie inhabited world fighting for survival. The fact of being in a world with other real players is amazing. Think this to yourself: how will you interact with them? Other players makes surviving a lot harder. This is the true difficulty of the game. What makes this game really interesting is that it is your choice. You choose what to do. You can choose to help people or kill everyone you meet. Ofcourse, with the game being in alpha, the are heaps of glitches... heaps. Zombies can attack you though walls, your cars can flip and shopping marts can be filled with floating loot! These are only some of the glitches to name. But these downsides hardly affect the game. Once you play it, you will understand.  DayZ is very versatile. Many mods for this mod have already been created which are great to suit your own playing style. If you like trading and building bases, DayZ Epoch is for you. If you like your game to be more difficult, DayZ 2017 will suit you. I really like DayZ. Hopefully these glitches and other faults will be fixed as it can make the game discouraging to play. This game is already a big hit now, and what awaits for it in the future is going to be grand. DayZ has yet to be one of the best games ever.
main issue I found was the game crashes to desktop every single time I start it, with no sign of being able to fix this issue, as it stands I literally can't play this game, verifying does nothing, reinstalling does nothing, and there's no mention of this issue on their site from what I can see. Besides a single thread of theirs saying they 'fixed' the issue. I would not reccomend getting this game until it's gone through some serious bug fixes
amazing game
k
O jogo é até legal para um jogo indie e free mas as coisas são muito caras com o dinheiro do jogo.
FUN IN THE SUN !
Jogo lixo esperei um tempao pra baixar 27.0 Gb e quando termina nao da pra jogar tenho que baixar de novo
its so ♥♥♥♥
great game. a little hard to ply at first cause of the army limiter but u get used to it and use it to ur advantage later.  Very different play style from previous total war games.  Gives u kinda a fresh start to come up with new ways of dealing with enemies and new ways to balance out ur economy.
Awesome Sandbox Its A Must Play. But I don't recommend it to people who hate downloading content such as maps and gamemodes
good
Medieval II: Total War™ Kingdoms is a turn based strategy focusing on building up an empire and achieving total domination.It allows you to choose from several historical factions each with special units, strengths, weaknesses and play styles. Further factions are unlockable following completion of the the Grand Campaign.Total War Kingdoms strongest feature is the real time battles, put a city under siege and send ladders to the wall or attack from afar with catapults, trebuchets and later in the game, powerful canons. Defend your town and cities with a well timed cavalry charge to disable enemy siege weapons and rain down flaming arrows upon the counter-attack.The ability to control each unit individually makes for practically unlimited strategy and the ability to destroy armies that on paper appear much stronger.The turn based city building side of the game also allows for a lot of strategic play, build advanced barracks, archery ranges and stables in castles, and increase revenue by upgrading towns to cities and so-forth.This mode can get a bit tedious in the later game simply because of the amount of organising necessary, but there are options to auto-manage these.Overall the balance between the slow pace of the city building mode and the fast real time battles is such that you can lose hours as your empire slowly gobbles up it's enemies and neighbouring factions. Addictive.The amount of forethought and planning reminds me of chess, in that you need to think a few turns ahead to make the most of your armies.8/10
โครตสนุกอะ GG HAhahahahahahaahahahaha
Love It 10/10 
cool and addictive you panzy
Jogo muito bom, bem criativo e envolvente com uma gameplay que fica melhor a cada fase, como no Megaman. Por enquanto ainda tem muitos bugs. Muitos. E muito conteudo não foi lançado ainda (diria que pra mais de 50% do jogo, que correspondem as dlcs, versões em inglês e algumas surpresas). Mas essa é a equipe mais dedicada que eu já vi, e é atualização todo dia, mantendo contato diário com os usuários. Vale cada centavo.
cool and addictive you panzy
Jogo muito bom, bem criativo e envolvente com uma gameplay que fica melhor a cada fase, como no Megaman. Por enquanto ainda tem muitos bugs. Muitos. E muito conteudo não foi lançado ainda (diria que pra mais de 50% do jogo, que correspondem as dlcs, versões em inglês e algumas surpresas). Mas essa é a equipe mais dedicada que eu já vi, e é atualização todo dia, mantendo contato diário com os usuários. Vale cada centavo.
main controls are broken wait till patch sad for a full released game ;(
With an easy interface, shining graphics, this game is unlike any other MOBA (For which I believe it too be, even though it\'s 2d). The controls are simple, and easy to understand. The fairly nice amount of characters to play as and unlock gives the player a nice range to choose from, apart from the Starstom DLC and character skins. (Damn you DLCS! *shakes fist*) All the matches seem overall fair, and fun. The steam integration and controller support gives the player easier ways to play, by inviting people to matches or plugging in a controller to make it feel more like the console version. The futuristic music and decent voice acting is what really sets the feel for this game. When "You have killed an enemy" has been announced, you just get the great sensation of being able to conquer and level to greater ranks. This game overall is a simple, slightly tactical and fun game to play. Whether it\'s healing your team mates, obliterating enemy\'s or collecting solar (The games currency) you\'ll be sure to have an all around great experience.
It's a good game guys.
Dis game is good
Awesome game. Like minecraft only 2D and with more items, mosters, weapons, blocks, NPCs and the bosses, did I mention the bosses?!Seriously, amazeing game. Get it now.
great game
ผมชอบมากออกเกมwar z เเถมยังมีเวลอีกด้วย
0/10 The cake was a lie
Best score atack game ever!!!+ the music is the best time atack music you will ever here!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
this game is great its fantastic and i love it its addicting (in a good way) and its a hell lot of fun!
omg all in best game everszzzzzzzzz
bagulho nojento, ja achava uma bosta, ainda mais quando um cara crasho na minha frente fico voando no ar, eu matei ele....
Great game, lots of fun, definetly for fans of dead island
WARNING: Do not play if you can not deal with the death of your dodos, Sure my dodos murdered tons of people but still, they didn't deserve to be crushed under bronto feces...RIP mary, bob, dodo the dodo and five othersOh nevermind they are alive, anyway good game! Lots of dodos! Dodos to hunt ,dodos to fight ,dodos to  eat,dodos to hunt other dodos! Many dodos and other dinosaurs aswell!Great game! for early acess though
one of the best games ever, well not for everyone but i loved it so i think most of u would.this game, a game about well every thing, a game where u don't need to play to the rules, a great game88/100from the_nerd_pig
do not let the cartonish draws of this game fool ya, this game can be hard as ♥♥♥♥, and a hell of a ton of fun to play with your friends. Everything, and i say, everything in this game can kill you.    if you like to explore, survive, impruve yourself and well designed bosses  this is your game.          a friendly advice, its more fun to get your ♥♥♥ haned to you in a salver plate along with 3 of your friends rather then alone, buy the 4 pack
I dont understand a single bit of this game yet its still somehow fun. 10/10
You spawn in total darkness, look around to find some type of light to go to, you hear a click behind your head, and turn around slowly, a bunch of guys welcoming you into this world with a loud gunshot, as you realise you are not hit you look to the group while the one with the gun points behind you, you turn around and a walker that was about to have you for lunch is now lunch for the ground.THANKS GUYS!
The most funniest game EVER!
♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥!
Really enjoyed it - good reboot of the series with a nice mix of combat and leaping.  Moderately competent AI, great setting, and a fair plot (if a little predicatable) rounds this out for a solid recommendation.  Single player campaign weighs in at ~20hrs.
it's a great game! but it does have it's bad moments; crashes, unfair deaths, losing saves ect. but in the end it's worth the cost for this great game!
this game is awsome if you don't have space for it get ring of space and you will be surprsed by how fun it is
nice supimpa
щ07 н
If multiplayer was easier to use I think this game would be perfect
The next generation in Grand Strategy gaming, unbelievable step up from Hearts of Iron III. This newer version in the series of Hearts of Iron provides the more improved and updated Clausewitz Engine bringing in the effects and graphics from Europa Universalis IV. I have extensively played multiple games from Paradox Interactive and they just keep getting better and better, trust me when I tell you that they are one of the best companies for strategy gaming, whether it is real time strategy or the luxurious Grand Strategy. Hearts of Iron IV does miss out on some of the tiny aspects of Hearts of Iron III but it incorporates a hell of a lot more. This shows that Paradox does keep in the major aspects of what gamers want out of their game, I had been waiting 2 years for this game to come out since I first played Hearts of Iron III and really got into it, and it seems that Paradox Interactive have served up to their words when they wanted to bring the next generation of World War 2 Warfare to our feet, not only bringing out an excellent game, they brought out an exquisite soundtrack, which also happens to have a few songs specific to certain nations such as a certain song sung in Battle of the Bulge for the Germans with that to exception a few classicals for Soviet Russia. Enjoyable and excellent, keep it up Paradox and definitely get this game if you want to enjoy a long enjoyable military remake of WW2.
it is a good game get the game it is fun to play
Its one of those Games i can play peacefully on my poor pc, i can spend 100s hours building one ship and still be entertained, great art style, great gameplay, great system and mechanics, and the modding community is amazin'! No complaints at all!
great gmae good times but watch out for sharks
Great game but expect to be a silver surfer for life.
great game but it makes me headache @_@
This game is the best FPS i've ever played, it's got great maps even though there arn't a huge range of them there are still mods, and on that note the mods are very well done but some are a bit dodgy. The servers are well marked, people can be a*sholes online and can teamkill but you can kick and band them. People give this game sh*t a lot but the communtiy is really friendly not like CS GO..... (don't get me started.) Buy this game! Its really fun!  I recomend it 100%
The Ys games are a gem and you would be doing yourself a massive disservice not to give Falcom your money and play these masterful games.The writing is excellent, the gameplay is flawless, the level design perfect and the music is out of this world.
Always fun to see multicoloured blood pour out of my friends.
awesome
lol
I love this game. The graphics aren't perfect and the game play isn't flawless but the storyline is original and even though I feel like raging when I fall in a smallest patch of spikes its still pretty damn good!
Really enjoyable, best city builder I've played in a long time.
BEST GAME IN THE WORLD (so far)
Do you like Nazis? Well, you probably shouldn't play this then.You are going to kill alot of them.
Completed with 25hrs. gr8 game
I love substance painter but i am still confused on how to upload images to it
The Forest is an open world survival game with beautiful visuals and excellent game mechanics.It has a fully functional building and crafting system and a exciting devolping story line. The developers are doing a great job and are continually improving and adding to the game.
Good for anyone who likes military simulators. lots of mods, a decent multiplayer community . and of course the chance to play the dayz mod.
Payday 2 was a great game, but now it's sinking. In addition to a metric ♥♥♥♥ton of a dlc to fund the game, and forcing the community to pay for an event, Overkill decided they needed a bit more income. MICROTRANSACTIONS. Even after they pledged to not have microtransactions. Most heinous of all, these microtransactions give stat boosts. Go fellate yourself Almir. That is all folks.
Esse jogo não é só um jogo, pode ser vários jogos em um programa só(com a ajuda da workshop), quando eu vi que esse jogo era um mod de half-life 2, eu fiquei triste pois nõ tinha, mas ai que eu fiquei feliz, era um mod que não precisava do half life 2,e quando eu comprei, não me arependi, vale muito apena quem quer zoar no crontruction. :D
im still learning how to use it but its good so far
It is an aresome game
Game is game, not let me come along when host matchmake thing. "Like kid taking to long to ♥♥♥♥ on school trip and getting left behind on bus" ~Caleb Srsly bruv, let me join mah mangs.
Muito bom,ótimo jogo, varios mods e tipo de jogo,Muito RECOMENDADO!!!!!!!!
THIS GAME IS AMAZING there's alot of content(suggest turn down graphics to med if you are lagging BAD)alot of sidequests and very fun and is quite new
Randomly crashes at times doing gameplay.
Dis game is tf2, except ALL bout dah gunz, oh and some hats but mainly guns. 69/100, helga not secksy enough :3
One of the best FPS games i have played, requires good patience and is better when played in groups. Not your typical run and gun like Call of Duty.
This is by far my favorit game at only the rank of blackbelt. Why? Because its addicting as @%#$.
Sehr gutes ausbalanciertes Spiel mit tollen Gameplay Elementen. Story ist nichts herausragendes, oder unglaublich spannend erzählt, und wirkt vor allem zum Ende hin ein bisschen fad. Aber insgesamt erfüllt sie ihren Zweck, und ich hatte Durchgehend Spaß am Spiel.9 von 10 Punkten
Went to the wizard and gave myself a beard best 500G i have spent11/10
If youre catholic, youre gonna have a bad time
*pop* Noice.
เป็นเกมที่สมจริงดีครับผม ให้ 9/10 เลย
I have this but none of the special camos work PLZ HELP
You guys should definately buy this game!
Juegaso ! nada mas que decir , cuando eres superviviente sudas sentado pero cuando sos el asesino te sientes invencible muy bueno !!
very very very very bad
Ist gut
Best $30 i ever spent :) 
im poor
BAOT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
get to rekt noobs
Best superhero game ever, a must have!
This game is bad :D That all i can say about this game
Good multiplayer game to play with your friends
First timw playing I was a spider grew a web beard10/10 would have a silk beard again
░█▀▀░█░░█░█▀█░█▀▀░█▀█░▀▀█░█░░█░█▀▀░█▀▀░█▀▄░▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░▀░░░▀▀▀░▀░ ▀░█▄░▄█░█▀▀░█▀▀▀░ █▀█░█░█░█░█▀▀░█░▀▄░█▀▀█░▀░░░▀░▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░▀░░▀░█▀▀ ░█▀█ ░█ ░█▀▀░█▀▀ ░█▀▀ ░█ ░█░▀▀▀ ░▀ ░░░▀ ░▀▀▀░░░░░░░░░░░████░░░░░░░░░██░░░███████▄▄█░░░░░██▄▄▓▓▓▓██░░░ Valve, ░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓█░░░ Please Add░█▓▓▓▓▓█░░░And Give ░░░█▓▓▓▓▓█░░░Me One ░░░█
Asked to pass the whiskey while shot down bad guys in suits and fedoras with a rifle. 11/10 would pass the whiskey again.
skins = better wins
Yes it a really good game good graphics good gameplay very good building system
Not what the trailer descibed it as
HOLY CRAP ITS AWESOME!
Action game and alot of fun
yes
muito bom belo jogo
a
FSGSGDRFHDBGV
The best game ever
Game fails to open up into 'applications', it only goes as far as opening up into 'processes', so the game is broken...
"Must Not Die.. Must Not Die.. Awww ♥♥♥♥ Im dead" - Everyone Who Has Played Darksouls!8/10 only dissapontment was the large need for a controler!
Um jogo incrível para todos aqueles que gostam do gênero de Arcade , vem com uma trilha sonora de maravilhosa, que combina totalmente com o frenistismo do jogo que combina uma séries de elementos para trazer uma dificuldade incrível.Fico completamente aliviado de finalmente ter conseguido terminar o jogo, pois alem de matar oponentes, desfiar do indisviavel, ter que prestar atenção em fazer todas as contas corretamentes e em fracção de segundos para decidir o correto. Recomento muito esse game mais deixo tambem um aviso:Prepare-se para morrer (e muito)
Amazing game from start to finish. Had me captured from the word go, making me want more and constantly delivering. I always was one for walking simulators so maybe it's a bit biased, but I enjoyed the scenery and the relaxing parts, as well as the tension, the fear of what's next. The hype over this is well founded and I can easily see why it's regarded so highly.tl;dr- Story: 10/10- Graphics: 10/10- Value for money: 7/10 - it is $20 but it's not much if you have a job you lazy slobsOverall good game, no complaints from me.
GG
Ive had this game from when it started on steam (i think) and this game has gone a loooooooong way from when it started. This game right now has turned into a very fun and addictive game and I am so happy it got the front page action it desearved. Keep going devs
Im not sure why barely anyone likes this game i mean its a great game just not so good without anyone else to play it with perhaps one of my freinds can posibbly get this or a current freind who has it asks me to play with him so i can acctualy have some fun with it

Muito bom, inclusive quando e para jogar competitivo com os amigos
I grew pipeweed in it. Then went and hung around a tavern for the rest of the day.
I really enjoyed this gamebut, I rage quited due to the difficulty.Edited 4 years later where I thought "You know what, I\'ll give this game another ago, I had some good fun with it before I quit" So I reinstalled the game, launched it and excitedly waited to play. But wait, Uplay was being an irritable, useless cuntmunch piece of software that refused to work, meaning the game was not unplayable, but unaccesable. YOU LITERALLY CAN\'T MAKE IT TO LAUNCHING THE GAME UPLAY IS THAT SHITHOUSE. LIKE REALLY, I MEAN THE GAME ISN\'T BROKEN, THE LAUNCHER IS AND THAT IS JUST ♥♥♥♥ING DEPRESSING. But yeah, ♥♥♥♥ Uplay amirite?
mind = exploded
when i get out of the game it says i am still in it
just play already!!
THIS GAME IS AWESOME!!!!!!!!!! SOOO GOOD!!!!
game fun kill orcs fun fun fun
The start of my steam collection. Ez money, Ez lyfe
สนุกมากกกกกกกกก
Let the rockets guide you.
Let the rockets guide you.
It is impossible to run out of things to do, highly recommended.
My Pyramid Raid Keep Loading 4 Ever When I Click Start........................
Rust is extremley fun. Aside from all the random killers who don't play it properly, I reccommend this game to ANYONE who doesn't mind seeing naked men walking around :)
Is Good.
If you have Windows 8 you'll need to create the settings directory yourself in %appdata% and copy a settings file across, the one that works is the settings.txt of Dead Space 2, there's a steam topic for it somewhere. A little bit of fiddling but this game is well worth it. I also recommend Widescreen fixer for the FOV.
I spent an entire game punching sheep to death10/10
Horribly shallow
The best game you could ever get
Every second you spend not playing this game you will regret it
the best game i ever played
You could say its one hell of a game.
I have always wondered what life would be like if I was a goat and this game 100% accurately represents life as a goat.10/10 would goat again.
I CAN'T CONNECT ONLINE SERVICE BUT ACCOUNT'S BROTHER CAN PLAY IN MY COMI NEED HELP problem is my account
hi
fun...
9/11 sim 11/9 - IGN would bomb again
its a awesome game its really cool i would recommend to people that played games like this
Wtf
Just like CS:GO but free.Bad graphics though. This is a very good game. (this review is so short)
> Went into team match> Team mate died straight away> Got revenge with magically crafted knife> Ran away with his machete> Hid in cave until me a 3 others were alive> Went to go find them> BOOM!> Blew themselves up and victory   Must be Muslim...
ez skins ez life
this is a bad game you shoud look at Dino D Day
The best game on steam! Just wish they add Linux support! :(
Lot's of 12 year olds but generally a good game.
COOL
"So we need someone to cook, someone to keep watch and someone to do some heavy lifting... little girl, how \'bout you help me with these crates over here?"This is a great game full of nerve-racking decisions and rich story.The only downside is the strange dynamics; the main character is a little girl and some of the tasks/decisions assigned to her make little sense.
The game is so disapointing. Perfect in every way BUT becomes completely stupid when players can just teleport into a plane (fighter or bomber) use it to kill you then apear back in their own tank completly unharmed. No flying skills are even needed, you can just crash the plane into a tank and disable it or destroy it. This feature is just stupid and is a game breaker. To have game after game of ground battles decided by who is first to gain air superiority is stupid. If you do play the game dont waste money on it, there will be plenty of times you are betten in completely stupid ways that bear no resembalance to a proper ground battle tactic and it will make you angry more often than you have fun games. If they ever remove this STUPID "feature"  I would definatly recomend the game but as it stands it rates very high on the stupid scale.
Good game all round!
wow                                such  awsome
wow                                such  awsome
♥♥♥♥IN SICK GAME MUST BUY IGN 10/10 WOULD BUY THIS GAME AGAIN M8 YEES I R8 8?8 M7+1
abcdefjhijklmnopqrstuvwxy and z now i know my abc's next time wont you sing with meeeeee
Pretty good, don't recommend buying this game in early access though. It has great potential in the future, cant wait too see it! :D
this is a good game for those who like minecraft and dayz
10/10 Would do it againVery Fun game but takes some time to get into, once u are though, you are hooked and its hard to stop playing
Good ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥ fam, Pick this up on sale. Good if you have friends
I Spent so much money on this game, love you valve, Best game ever!
this game is the best game ever i played in my life. i love it because i love all the hats and gunsrate:  9/10
By far one of my favourite games, TF2 stands out in the communtity today. Its a free to play game, which is top notch cause who dosnt like epic games that are free? This game will make you addicted to comming on steam and playing a match with your friends. This game is in my top 5 list, congrats TF2.
At least 50% of the people trying to play the game simply can't.      mine works fine, 60 FPS, GTX 970As for the game review: Space is fun and lazers ... lazers are fun too.
The classic turn based strategy game that won my heart as a young pup. Defend the Earth from an alien threat in an unforgiving game that will push your tactical skills to their limits.
Simple yet very addicting,Bought it for me and my friend for only $2!We spent a good 1/2 hours playing it, having many great laughs,Overall, that was money well spent.Thanks developers for this amazing game.
so freaking good game but why my  g mod always get crash pleas respond this valve
A very nice game. Great peaceful music plays when you figure out the puzzles. A great story line too. The narrator in the game is very good and it reminds me of The Stanley Parable. What the game is lacking (for me, anyway) is that the game is too short! But a great game overall.
If you like space battle's  with exploding ships this is the game for you
19/18 would suffer the perils of trench warfare again.
Door opening sim since 2004
Nice Game love it
GREAT GAME, minor bugs, couldn't care less, its only an alpha game.
My thoughts on Sunless Sea; "Sunless Sea is gud game. Much setting. Very immerse. Lots stories here. Many exploring\'Incoherant rambling aside, this is an excellant game, one of the best I\'ve played in a long while. With its interesting setting, intriguing story, fun exploration, and overall immersion; this game proves to be well worth the price of admission. So buy it. Really. Its good.
Muito bom o jogo, ainda mais se você tiver amigos para jogar, recomendo!! :D
This game has developed so much since when I initially purchased it, I actually got bored of it, went away, came back and was confronted by a completely new game.Hats off to the dev's for sticking with it, and making what will be a great zombie survival game on release!Pity about the minibikes crashing our server, but apart from that, 8/10
Very good for people who like to camp spawns and be friggin' bandits.
now i can see if i am goign towards the decapationnd acheivement something i was wondering how i got it
it is a realy good game if you can actully run it on your cpu (i cant i get 3 fps )
this is maybe the best FPS ever of all time
Great game so far, feels more HITMAN: Blood Money than the previous hitman, and its only had 1 true mission so far. Cant wait for the rest.
good but u need a decent computer to run it great fun 
is such a good game
dayz. good game. 11/10- IGN. 0.53 has seen manny an improvenment there has been a massive drop in hackers and i love the devs for it.General Jansen 27 minutes ago  This review has one truth in it, drop in hackers. No other improvements and devs arent worthy of love. And its not a good game, its an addictive game ill give it that, but not good.
♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥
I really like it but I wish units would stop acting ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in battles
Amazing game, hours of fun, never gets old and now it has workshop! GET THIS GAME
Simplesmente o melhor jogo !
Bom para jogar com os amigos!
best game ever 10.10 IGN
Jogo ♥♥♥♥ pra caraaaaai !!
It's ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥.
This game is basically everythimg that watch(underscore)dogs should have been. You can mess with peoples wiring, beat people to death and wire peoples guns to light switches. All while wearing a really nice coat and while listening to a fantastic soundtrack.
0JJJJJJJJJJJJJJAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAMMMMMMMMMMEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSS
Walking around the campaign when i get jumped on by hitler, shrek and a bunch of steam sales before beating them to death with a  ♥♥♥♥♥  machete.10/10 would do againplsno
Okay, DayZ is one of those games where it will give you a cookie, you will be happy. But then suddenly DayZ takes that cookie away from you and punches you in the face, then it eats the cookie. Then that cycle repeats..... 46/10 - would keep getting punched in the face for cookies again.
must have this game nice animation and breathtaking
I love this game it makes me happy inside just trying to level up and get more upgrades all they need to do is add talking to the other person.
This game after 1.2 had an unexpected change adding weapons, mobs and adventures beyond your imagination! want to build a steampunk floating city? you can. A Pirate fleet? yep. Atlantis? You bet!Terraria is an amazing game that never ceases to impress, but can get boring at times. 9/10
it cool and im done
Amazing fun, sometimes hard to start off but a soon as you get used to the controlls and you get used to the mechanics you will enjoy this game like no other
good game
I think i can fly rockets now.
awsome game thats all
swords guns and looting yall need to play dis yo
This game, that i have antisipated for a long time, has soo much more to offer than what i had expected, the music in this game is purely awe inspiring, exploring the galaxy has never felt more satisfying and most of all, it has a strong multiplayer community, so a friend is never far away.as much as this game is in beta, it haas a large amount of content that many other games just lack, but unfortuntly while wearing the 'BETA' badge it still has beta wipes around every 2-4 months, its sad comming back to the game and seeing an update and thinking wether or not to update and loose progress, or update and bask in one of the most well made games out there for under $30i hope that anyone who is reading this either has or will get this amazing game.
10/10 love the game
good game
1 of the best fps out there in the cartoon catagori. lots of fun as any class includin big mun (hevy), gay pyromaniac (pyro), sneaky ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ (spy) and aussie camper (sniper). beware cod and bf snipers! you have to charge headshots! (dumasses think evry game is bad or like cod)
PLAYED JUST ONE HOUR .... AND DAWG , THIS GAME IS AWESOME AS HELL , SUCH  AWESOME  AS DRIVING A BIKE IN HELL
หนุกนะ (ไอ้หำเงินตู)
Are you a mech fan? Have you played the Armored Core Series? Watched mech anime or movies? Have you ever wanted to Pilot one of them Pile of Steel Awesomeness? If your'e answer is yes to most of my questions then you definitely have to play this AWESOME game!!!
great game, fun for the whole family.
awsome game worth  getting
i love this game!
I used to LOVE this game. Seriously. I played it for hours on end. Hell, I even leveled up all my perks to lvl 25. But the new updates killed this game. The bezerker was MEANT to tank, now he is just a slow low health help-while-you-can sorta perk. The M14 is hilariously undepowered, and the hard difficulty feels harder than HoE. Let me quote the the Tripwire team. "Early Access Done Right". What a joke.
Poor oversight by Magic 2015 developers in the game.Positives include a catchy theme song, ability to construct a deck to however you like, storyline is not a bad inclusion, opening more boosters to provide anticipation and excitement.Sadly however the negatives definately out weigh the positives.You are restricted in deck building to a limited selection of cards after you have completed the campaign unless you which ti invest in "boosters" to increase your card pool. Matching up against others who have superior cards or/even duplicates or sets of 4 card(s) whom have purchased additional boosters, not only makes deck building difficult, ineffective but also increases the likelihood that you will be demorilised over and over again in matches against other opponents in 1 v 1 or free for all matching.I generally enjoy purchasing this product for the puzzle games, Last turn puzzles a few years ago were amazing and difficult/challanging. 2014 however showcases some very sub par puzzles games and this year, well, there are none.I played one game of free for all on 4 v 4 and I felt so far away from the game table I requested my flatmate to provide me a magnifine glass. myself and another player also realised 4 turns in that we had already lost when one of the players threw down some superior cards for which we had not even access to.This put me off continuing playing this game into the future as really there is no point unless I am wishing to invest into this.Suggestions would be to at least bring "two headed giant" match making back, a level par card selection by perhaps charging a set $15 fee from the start and not this "micro transaction booster option" which is poor oversight in my opinion and perhaps even a tournament mode where equal par magic the gatherers could paticipate tournaments of 10 players etc, round robin to then provide a level based system and a decent points rating for those wishing to climb to the top in rankings over time (by winning more tourney\'s etc)Rating, interface, music score, Story concept 6/10 (as what else can you do with a story really)gameplay campaign 5/10 (as well the AI seems to get the perfect run of cards sometimes :S)Deck building feature, 8/10 as this is very flexibleCard selection 2/10 (extremely limited unless additional investments made)gameplay vs human 3/10 (for the reason you will become frustate that you are unable to build a deck that is consistent without investment into more booster packs)Overall I would probably rate Magic 2015 4/10
Great Game
Decent graphics w/ same 1.6 Mechanic
As Soon as you download the Textures, there is only two words to describe it, ♥♥♥♥ing Great (and very buggy however)
"when your a jedi You ♥♥♥♥ all the npc" everyone who has ever played Battlefront 2
All it's bugs aside this is a fun game.Gonna be great with the new renderer. :DI'd recommend getting it, but only if you can handle the random bugs. (Like the game eating your guns sometimes and desync((Stahp devouring my m4s!))).
very fun game for people who want a competitive shooter
Awesome game, even the moon's involved!
Killed a guy with a bike with one of my frends on it, it was pink and had a bath tub on top!11/10 - IGN
Great Game to play with friends like minecraft but with more monsters:D
นุกดี
Good Survival game Best one
it is fun
The game is good, it's not worth $60 AUD.You can lose hours without thinking about it whilst playing this game. What I value most is that you can play this and chill whilst listening to music.Long story short; Don't buy it today, wait until it's discounted.
Fantastic game.Pros:Good multiplayer features including local multiplayer for Career mode.Split screen multiplayer not just locally but online with friends as well.Great controls very much like Mario Kart, or even better.Neat selection of characters.Cons:I feel Expert difficulty can be quite a pain for certain game modes.
GREAT GAME IT WAS THE MOST FUN I HAVE EVER HAD........ maybe one day i will have the rig to be able to boot it tho
500+ hours and I'm still in silver, it can't get any better than this.
ToribashMini-Review7.5/10Developer: Nabi StudiosGenres: Turn-based, Fighting, MultiplayerYear: 2006Pros:+Free to Play+Contains A Shop With Currency (called Toricash)+Has It\'s Own Belt-Ranking System+Ability To Tear Limbs Off, Break Bones And Do Tricks!+Relatively Decent Blood-Effects+Customisable Characters+Can Make And Play Your Own Gamemodes (called "mods"?)Cons:-Lag Destroys The Game >:(-Everything In The Shop Is REALLY FREAKIN\' EXPENSIVE!!Summary:My friend ripped my head off and I survived, and then he tore his arm off and started hitting me with it.Another round I ripped my own head off, dropped it onto the ground and kicked it at my enemy and it hit him in the nuts.This game is for you if you like clubbing people with your own detached limbs.Or playing soccer with your own head.I recommend getting this game.
A fantastic RPG with an unparalleled sense of progression, well developed combat system, and a world that feels truly lived in. The controls take some getting used to but with a bit of effort soon become second nature. It may be dated graphically with blocky models and stiff animations but surprisingly the texture work is very good and in some places even outshines some modern games (which is depressing - get your ♥♥♥♥ together developers). I recommend playing Gothic 1 before 2 because the second game builds heavily upon the characters, story and setting from the first game and certain parts from 2 will feel more rewarding after having finished Gothic. Having played both games for the first time in the year of our lord 2013 I can say without the slightest trace of nostalgia that Gothic 1 & 2 ranks high amongst the finest of western RPGs.
This is an amazing game. Engaging storyline, great gameplay, and an overall fun game. Definitely the best steam game I own.
Great puzzler.Lots of mind twists and interesting life lessons.Well worth playing.
Wanna hear a joke? This game. When this game came out around a year ago, I was so excited for a new zombie survival experience. After playing it for a few hours, I found myself still running around the map looking for my friends. I decided I had enough and logged off. The follwing day, I spent countless hours attempting to build a base and find some useful gear. It came to my realisation that the game was ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥. I closed the game without hesitation and never touched it again.Now, several months later I have decided to give Sony Online Entertainment, or Daybreak of whovever the ♥♥♥♥ they are one more chance, but looks like they have made almost zero progress on this game since I last played, except adding some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ micro transcations (cases: are you ♥♥♥♥ing joking)I can name several reasons why this game is a bloody joke without even having to think about it. Firstly, the world is half ♥♥♥♥♥ and the same structures are regurgitated over and over. It just looks like a complete ♥♥♥♥ing mess. Secondly, scavenging is so unrewarding. You will search a whole ♥♥♥♥ing neighbourhood of houses that look exactly the same and find ♥♥♥♥ all. Thirdly, the devs frankly don't give a ♥♥♥♥ and it just seems like they can't be bothered with this dead end game. The only thing that I can say is half decent about this game is the battle royale, but its certainly not enough to keep me interested in playing this game.To conclude, H1Z1 is a huge ♥♥♥♥-up. The devs are uncommitted and I can honestly see no real potential in its current state, so you might aswell save your 20 dollars and spend it elsewhere.
loko
Great game.
heaps of fun to play with friends!
This game is so fun, difficult and still in early acess. My computer has trouble running it though, and the latest update made it impossible, for i need compatability mode to play. All in all, it started great, and it seems that they have even greater things in store.
I was really looking forward to playing this mod. Infact, one of the main reasons I got Just Cause 2 was to play this mod. But when I tried to boot it up, it crashed straight away. I think it's because of my A.M.D. hardware, so if you want to play this game with an A.M.D. video card, you'd better hope that the team updates the game to support A.M.D. video cards.
Seems inaccurate, but still fun.
Orion: PreludeA dinosaur survival/TDM/CTF/etc game that has you shooting dinosaurs wave after wave, upgrading your character and buying yourself better weapons. This game is incredibly fun and never gets old, I have been playing this game for quite some time now, and now that I persuaded my friends to buy the game, I play even more.I strongly recommend you buy this game if you have not already.
Really good game. I'm liking it alot and would gladly recommend.
Great story and a massive improvment in game mechanics from Witcher 2
This game is awesome. Wicked starship battles
i like the game but...... i think it should be built in with online :0
그래픽, 난이도, 스토리 그리고 재미모든것이 전작보다 더 완벽해졌다
7/10 its not the best stratagy game i have played but i had fun playing it! :) P.S: I have heard that this game is buggy but i have experienced no bugs myself
If you like good stories, if you like ambience, if you like puzzles then this game is for you.
Great game if you wanna just mess around
i downloded this game when it first appeared on the internet for free. even though it was free it still was a fantastic game. i then voted for it on greenlight and what do u know it appears on steam, i bought the game for $4.25 on the steam sales. it was even better even though its still was just a beta. i highly recommend this game to people who have wanted a world war 1 first person shooter.
Finished July 2014
nice game, good for people who like Plat-forming
Awesome game 110% the best game ever if you dont play this game you have not lived life. XD
One of the best Stealth Games I have ever played, and I play a LOT of stealth games. This is also one of the only games I have ever bothered to unlock all Achievements for.  If you’re looking to get into stealth games, I recommend you start out with this one. Mark of the Ninja is 2D, and thus, unlike in a 3D Stealth game, this game is able to show you all the information you need on screen at once, making it easier to plot out your next move. This makes the game great for beginners. Plus, the controls are easy to master.This game also supports Ghost/Traditional Stealth and Aggressive Stealth, as well as providing you with a variety of ways to complete your objective, and thus, the game hardly goes stale. Do you want to sneak past all the enemies, using non-lethal tactics, and leaving no trace that you were ever there in the first place? Or do you want to sneak through the level, stalk your enemies, silently assassinate them from the shadows, and become the ultimate predator and master of your environment? Whatever type of stealth your into, this game let’s you do both. Personally, when it comes to Stealth Games, this one in particular, I am a hybrid of both of those playstyles, and that is what I would recommend.The only issue I really had with this game, was the plot. In my opinion, the plot is rather interesting, and it’s nice and tight. But personally, I felt as if they could’ve done more with the story. However, the ending is exceptional, and very well done. I am not going to mention spoilers, don't worry.Overall, this game is very good and satisfactory. If you’re really into these sorts of games like I am, this is a must own.
As a New Zealander, this game showed me just how good I have it.In all seriousness, this game looks, plays and runs spectacularly and you should definitely try it.
One of the great platform adventures of the 1990s!
10/10 needs to be online for a god damn single player lobby. Sim city approved IGN 2015
This game is really complete , maybe there is no multiplayer but ITS ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME i really recommand it to you , you can drive car build a communoty ,  all that for survive !!
Great Game Great Buy.
Terrible I bought early accessand got some perks like more cash and extra weapon attachments, and they then they updated it to free to play and I lost everything I paid over $30 and I am very annoyed DO NOT BUY
I recommend this game, its so much fun, but i feel bad for people with issues. I mean, i built my PC like 5 years ago and im still rocking 60+ fps during massive explosions. are the memory leaks still an issue? if people cant play the game they should ask for a refund, if everyone who cant does that the devs are likely to take notice and start resolving the issue.But if it can be played, its an amazingly fun game.
This is the best game in da world
very fun worth the $5 10/10
If not compared to any other game, Steel Ocean is all round good game with a good tutorial and intuitive controls.All Ships have an important role in aiding the team and players will have to pay a lot of attention to their surroundings. It makes a all round realistic game because it incorporates Atni Submarine Warfare like real Naval Battles. Ships may be too agile but all ships have the same problem, therefore it is not really a problem.Since many people are saying it is a copy of WoWs, I'm Going to compare it with WoWs.If Compared to WoWs, the matchmaking in Steel Ocean is fairer, The different Tiers are closer (so not an obvious power difference between Tier 2 and 3), And it has submarines which makes Aircraft carriers and battleships more vulnareble to attacks.
Number 1 fish sim, only cried 20 times
Best Panty game ever. . .lolololololnah. . .I love the vocabulary
it's tower defense good fun time
Gmod a very old game but a very good one. Imagine building a car from scratch with all of your friends by your side. Or making your own zombie survival camp then spawning in zombies and KILLING THEM. You could also download little things that make your game much better. And if your like me and always want to get revenge then you can run over your friends with cars, kill them with props, shoot them, or just close down the sever but then you wouldn't be able to play. You can also play by yourself.                                                                          so all in all 100/100                                                                    (: You will never forget this game :)
Alot of bugs and hackers. DON'T Buy it even during the sale.
It's a good team and individual based game.
awesomest moba game ever playedplay and master this, guaranteed to be addicted very much.
Jogo meio antigo pois ja existe o II,mas acho ele ainda assim bem dahora,me garantiu várias horas de diversão com meus amigos,recomendo ai a quem quiser :) .
tomA NU CU
Simple and enjoyable tower defense game.
soo fun and awsome music 10/10
Awsome
the best elder scrolls game when i fist played it when it came out it sent shivers up my spine
needs some some more guns but other than that nice game
Community is ♥♥♥♥, but gameplay is solid. Would recommend to anyone who likes FPS's
This man knows what he is on about  Dexaldem The Exile"To avoid the previous madness emitted by others, look through this first. > http://robocraftgame.com/roboshield-and-eac-privacy-details/Don\'t join the Bandwagon, people."absolutely brilliant game, well designed, vast amount of opportunities for extravagant design (it wont always work how you think it will, that hover craft gets pretty hard to fly when a blade gets shot off), redundancy is key and don\'t scrap ideas immediately just tinker or you might lose something special. The learning curve is rather steep but don\'t freak out, you are in teir 1 when you start for a reason. Get out there and grind some rp. Oh that\'s another fantastic thing, you will always get a reward for having a battle, even if three people with plasma cannons turn your tank into a seat with a wheel immediately, it is entirely play to win, you don\'t even have to win to win (winning helps though).Have fun and put up pics of those awesome creations on the forums
Verys guds
Unos de los mejores juegos de estrategia que jugue
THIS IS AWESUMMMMMMMMMMMMMM
Pretty great, only wish they didn't have to kill so many japanese people to make the game
i cant lode it
Yes the game has some major flaws but I actually enjoy this game. It lags abit on my rig but mainly in marakesh, I think more people will like this game when all of the episodes are released yet I still would recommend this game.
Take your DVD copy of SouthPark, mix with your own fantasy of being a main charater on the cast, and make it interactive, is that is this game in a nutshell, A match made in glorious fecal matter, race, sexuality, and political jokes heaven. If you have the money, a fairly flexibly sense of humor, and empty stomach, and stones of well .....stone then this is right up your alleyIf you ever happen to watch south park or better a regular fan of it you owe it to your self to get this and pee yourself at the amount of content,m new and in reference.The only downsides are if you dont like the humor, i'd watch some episodes or some plythoughs first to see if you can take the content.  also post story there isn't much to do. i'd reccomend buying it around 15 dollars-ish due to the single player only experience, though you can play up to 4 playthoughs each with the unique classes.
such an amazing game, flawless and beautiful game can't wait for H1Z1 by the same devs to come out...hopes its going to be a good as this game
This. Is. The. Greatest. Thing. To. Happen. To. Gaming.
I started playing the game cause my friend told me to. I started playing it and it was fun. I rate this game a 9 out of 10
Amazing game.  Played it several times on ps3 and now falling in love with it all over again on PC.If anyone is having issues with no sound after the plane crash https://forums.2k.com/showthread.php?15383-No-sound-RealTek-and-Vista-fixed! Otherwise this series is my favourite game.  It doesn't matter how many times i play it.  And its gorgeous on PC.  Cant wait for the remaster.
play this game!
All of my crew suffocated as one from a missile hitting my ship, causing a hole that I couldn't find in time due to my ship being in a sector wide nebula.On the second screen.10/10 Will die again and again and again.
Please dont judge me to hard ;-;If your lonely and have nothing to do get this game will help i swear.:)
while the game have good graphics frenetic gameplay and very good customization, this game have its flaws one of each being the good old:Pay2Win- its not the worst its not like combat arms "planet side.. i guess" but as always you can have some parts more faster you dont need to "grind".Reward- i know that i didnt played that much but the reward per match is not that good, i was level 4 i lost a match but i did good captured 3 points killed some newbs ;) but i got 1 coin yes 1 coin.the game is not bad but has some flaws. If you like fast pace p2w games and some cool mechanics this game is for you but for me it gets a nod
Fun little RPG. Short, decent characters, and the dialogue was really funny.
Watched a guy die in terror as I unloaded a clip of MP7 into himHis last sight was a bright pink gun10/10 would kawaii again
Brawlhalla is a really fun with friends, and it's so rewarding when you smack someone off a cliffe
its a good game
Ok, so first off, I bought this game a long time ago. Then a couple months ago I played it and there were so many new things introduced, like Telelporter, rainbow torches, and a Xenostaff??? Anyways, they\'ve made a massive change, mostly for the good of the game. (Was kind of getting boring... :P)However after you installed the update and started playing with your friends with the new "Join via Steam" option, you\'d realise how much stuff you could get. My buds and I were like "Woah dude that sick! Yeah man, lets craft everything in the game... <Not really. We thought we were going to have the time of our lives, playing a crafting/survival game together, crafting tons of items...Then after about of month of playing, I realised that we weren\'t going anywhere quickly,we thought that because we defeated the Wall of Flesh, that we were unstoppable with all of the items that we recieved from the goodie bags. We thought that until the Pirate invasion came, that really hit us hard. We eventually got through it and we kept going through the game.A couple days later my Youth minister came, he was wearing sick as armour and had awesome gear, we thought he had like finished the game! But then a couple days ago he said that the gear that he had was useless junk considering who he was up against.Thats when it hit me, bro, this game at least is gonna take about a year and a half to finish, and I have a life to live for a reason. And so that is when I bought ARK: Survival Evolved and that was good, but repeptative... Anyways, there are a lot more other games to play which are better than this, don\'t waste your money and your life on this. Buy Dota 2, its a fun game that only lasts for about 40mins a match...Only get Terraria if you don\'t want a life... 
♥♥♥♥
Epic motherfckin perfect game, great history, great graphics, anyone must play it D:
Dont get this game please
one of the best games i have ever played
Touch the top of the tree with landing gears while flying. BOOM! helo blew up.. This game physics are really realistic. 10/10
Best game ever made? i think so, always come back. I need more hats..
The large and immersive gameworld, coupled with the thousands of mods available make it one of the best and most addictive games I have ever played.  10/10 lol
After finishing this game i have to say it is one of the most story driven games out there. All of the decisions you make can either set you up for a decision later on in the story or could mess you up and screw you over. whatever choice you make will be your story there are hundreds of ways to complete this game was fun, funny and sad at times overall great experience.10/10
I'm a mac user and the game is not bad... The controls needs rework though. Overall, U Nid dis Hogg xD
Fükked Some B1tches. i Got Money. 69/69 - ign
This game is fun but challanging at some pointsit is rly fun i i defenetly rate it 9/10
This game was horrible to look at when I booted it up....
This game has a HUGE learning curve, if you want to enjoy this game you will have to practice a lot. But once you get past this learning curve the game gets infinitely more fun, it's especially fun when you play in a party with friends (communication is key in this game). There are dozens of awesome experiances you will have with Dota 2 if you put the time and effort into it. There are also heaps of guides and help that you can use from the game or the internet to get you started. Please try this game!
Only really fun for 30 minutes. Refunded.
10/10 would send 4 lv 0s into the darkest dungeon again
Its a really fun shooter tha can be great by yourself or playing with friends. Multiplayer can really require alot of teamwork or the heist won't come together. The skill tree is great as it allows you to go down specific routes for example stealth ghosts, tecnicians and other important components to bring a team together.Overall I really enjoyed playing this with my friends and steam companians
Ahh, Unturned.Times with friends building our skyscraper base visible from kilometers away.Making Clive Palmer-esque collections of cars of every kind.Now in preparations in what seems to be the ridiculously large 3.0 update, Unturned is set to get even better.Graphics:I wasn't expecting much from an indie dev in terms of graphics. After all, I don't consider graphics to be super important like others do. But, when I first loaded it up, I was impressed. While not the flashiest and smoothest pictures ever, the environment still looks beautiful, one that prompts reflection on life when standing on top of the highest hill.What's great is that it is going to get better as time goes on.7.5/10Gamplay (Singleplayer)Singleplayer in zombie survival games never work out so well, because its such a depressing concept, being alone in the apocalypse. Plus its boring. However, Unturned somehow manages to turn SinglePlayer into a semi-enjoyable experiance, unlike many other games.I used it to learn the basics of crafting and building, but past that, I didn't play it.6.5/10Gameplay (Multiplayer)Well... First time encounter of a FRIENDLY player in zombie survival games. Depending on others to make the experiance better for everyone.Looting together, driving together, it all so fun. I have yet to participate in a drive-by shooting :P64 player servers on PEI map. Welcome to Unturned: FPS version. Fun as heck, encountering players every two minutes really does keep your guard up.However, loot scarceness on bigger servers needs to be improved. Competing with 63 other players for a can of cola is not as fun as it sounds.Thanks to my acquantinces Slip, Overlad1 and a couple of other peeps for hosting a private server for me.9/10 (Mainly due to  Friendlypocalypse :D)World DesignPrince Edward's Island is beautifully designed for travel, and lots of it. Towns made to seem real and like someone actually lived there once is a big plus.Storyline, even though so small, fits well with the map (Military destroy Confed. Bridge to stop spread, etc.)For some reason, I haven't found anything regarding the lore. More of that please :)8/10ConclusionUnturned is a great game if you need an alternative to DayZ (Because of DayZ's PEGI 18 rating. That's right kids.)Might want to hold off a week to wait for that big 3.0 update to finally arrive.imgoodatgaming, signing out.
Saints row 4 is a crowning achievement (Better then the third, that\'s for sure!)PROS-*The super powers really help set this game apart (plus, who doesn\'t like juming five buildings?)*The writing for the story and characters are out standing, getting (mostly) rid of the stupid dirty joke garbage the third saints row had. The villiam has great writing, I can\'t press this enough, it\'s just so good!*THe humor is pretty good, whether you\'re climbing a nuke, or you\'re in a 60\'s sitcom, you\'ll get a laugh out of this game.*The graphics (on max settings) weren\'t improved by much, but they still look pretty good.*A bunch of the side mission/activities are extremely fun to play (fraud being my favourite)*optimisation is extremely good in the single player*There\'s a bunch of gun custimisation, you can make your pistols into robo cops gun!CONS-*Gunplay seems to be just an after thaught in this title, the game kind of expects you to just use your super powers, which is nice and all, but I like scoring 5 headshots in a row with robo cops gun. *While there is alot of gun custimisation, it all seems reduntant once you get super powers, which is a shame because there are some really cool skins for your guns (the pulse rifle, for example)*Just like guns, cars become obselete once you get your super powers, this is made worse by the fact that the new/improved car custimisation system is awesome! Unfortunately, the game basically punishes you for using cars.*Like many people, I believe the game gives you super powers far too early. If they had given them to you perhaps half way through the game, this would help with the redundancy of the cars/guns.*co-op is LAGGY!!!! It\'s seriously un playable at times, if you want this game for co-op, you have been warned.MIDDLE-*They basically re used the same map from saints 3, and added a few things here and there. I don\'t really hate that, I mainly just thought "after you guys decided this would be a full game, couldn\'t you at least give us a new map to run around in??"VERDICT--Saints row 4 is a worthy addition to the saints row franchise, it has great humor, addicting gameplay amongst all the other great things about this game. There are a few problems, but they don\'t really take away from the experience or the fun to be had here. Unfortunately, this is basically the last game in the franchise, I suppose it\'s good it ended on a good note then!I would definately reccomend this (I don\'t use a number system because it\'s flawed)
This is an outstanding game that has no real problems. There aren't many games of this genre and this game portrays WW1 brilliantly
i like the look of the game but i cant play it because it crashes when you try to join a match i suggest playing this game when its updated and actually works so i dont recommend this at the moment
Fun Game Many Guns
Having never been a fan of so called 'horror' games I approached Alien: Isolation with a hefty dose of skepticism, expecting the usual 'jack in the box' enemy appears mechanics and irritating pervasive darkness + flashlight navigation.I was amazingly, happily surprised.  This is the first game I have actually been afraid of.I work late in my building and used to leave in almost total darkness... down five floors through service entrances/exits.  Thanks to playing this game after hours I now leave with all the lights on... quite a shock for a man in his mid-30s.Buy this, it is fantastic.EDIT:  Only played on the Hardest difficulty... should only be played on the Hardest difficulty.  The AI is tweaked way higher and it feels more like the movies.
GET IT ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
i highly recomend
Darksiders II is a great game but the pc port is terrible.After your purchase expect frame skipping, random control glitches and sub-par controller support.
Great game. disgusting buisness practices, esoecially after starbreeze studios came in.
I love sending zombies sprawling from my laser minigun which I got from a martian saucer, which can only be fought after defeating the golem, who is the boss right after Plantera, who is a giant angry rose that will give you a staff to summon tikimen. These tikimen are really good for taking out the mechanical bosses, who are the bosses that spawn after the wall of flesh has been defeated. The only to summon the wall of flesh is by killing a voodoo demon and dropping the guide voodoo doll into the lava of the underworld, which is the deepest point of terraria, before going to the underworld you should take out all the prehard mode bosses.
Actually Sick
Put a hydro Dam next to my town - river overflowed and flooded my town 11/10
beast game to play with friends
Mind ♥♥♥♥
It's great.
Very good game, highly recommended. Large variety of armour, weapons and quests. (ps for my badge)
I bullied my little brother because of this game. 11/10
i need help how do u change ur characters appearcance?
it is a very good game
I personally liked the game, however the building can become quite annoying, for example there’s no easy way to demolish reinforced walls and having to use C4 isn’t particularly that accurate or safe. But RUST is defiantly an outstandingly fun game. the giggles of random stuff of plan stupidity, accidental death and sinking mindless hours into creating, designing, building, planning, scavenging, hunting, crafting and surviving throughout the vast lands to sun rise and sun set. coming along dangerous situations, avoiding death at all cost, making friends and enemies. Defiantly worth $10 on the lunar sale that was recent.      --------------------------->COULD USE MORE UPDATES! <----------------------------------------------                                                                                                  .ASAP.                                                                                           9/10 SUH DUDES
This is just way too good11.01/10
Fun, logged a good almost 900 hours on it, giant playerbase, and its free!
The game has a significant learning curve as you start. And with multiplayer it's easier to play on harder difficulties than the easier ones. LOGIC! And thats what i love <3
sorry guys it's looks like a fun game,but it needs work A LOT OF WORK it is buggyer than a bug on a dune buggy and some times it just crashes. Maybe it will be a 10/10 in years to come when it's finished but now i suggest that you consider NOT BUYING....sorry    *spelling
Hahaha, i love this game.All the posibility's, is unimaginable. You think it, you can do it.A few things could be fixed, but it deserves a 9/10.Great job Valve <3
Scarest Game in YEARS!!!
The car doors closed.
One of the best simplistic, fast paced games ever. With a kung-fu fighting stickman style this is a game bound to give you RSI (repetitive strain injury) and alot of time wasted. Thumbs up. Plus I've had way more hours in this game somewhere else.
I want to die
Tis game is one of the best games out there... it is the best saint row so far and willl blow your mind the insant you see the  game.
Well if you want to get good,Buy hats.Lots and lots of hats, I mean likek hundreds of dollars and get some fancy gold gun you will be godlike in seconds
Excellent
Named my character "Boobies"Codsworth called me "Mr Boobies"10/10
Good game
This game was so good now its so ♥♥♥♥ing gay the new update makes me sick i loved this game but they ♥♥♥♥ed it so i dont recommend it
Very fun game, love the feel, obviously early access, don't buy it if you are dumb and like to whine about absurd things.
fantastic game
yay
420/69 NGI BEST YEAR THE OF GAME 2069
i do like the game but one thing mac platform support. You will get alot more players/buyers.=)
This game is awesome ;D
5 tf2 items at $5. Worth it, and the items come with a free game.
money grab. bad game, dont buy now.
Great strategy game for everyone I would love for it to have custom controls but apart from that it is great especially the soap acheivment
aaaanimal
Worst worms game, My worms were literraly invincablePlus homing rockets go through worms10/10 IGN would play again
Wasted all my money on virtual cosmetics. 10/10 best game ever.
Great campaign story line and epic multiplayer action! great for warhammer fans!
This game is like no other, the feel of it when you burst into a room full of enemies and slaughter them all with friends is just so amazing i can only describe it as "Badass"
It's L4D. There's a modding communtiy. WHAT MORE DO YOU NEED?!
Getting a Cool Down of 7 days because some little child thinks its fun to run around you, block you, run into your line of fire is not a good way to reward the player that was carrying the team.Eat a big fatty Valve. How much more pathetic can you get?
I recommend this game for all those people who love anime, RPG games and visual novels because this has all of it in one
GOOD
great mmorpg
It is a decent game. Gameplayi is solid. Unlike Minecraft or other games of its caliber, its more based on survival. It has multiple playable characters and steam workshop. It may get old but its still a lot of fun. They also update it once in a while to keep it interesting.
Little to no development on this game is over a year. Waste of $30
cool
well you enter the naked world of rust, gather some wood and stone, makes some tools and craft a base. you settle down making a furnace and a chest. all is going well. you leave the game for 5 minutes because you have a life. in this 5 minutes the koreans have raided your base. we all love the koreans 10/10
good game, lots of modes etc.
I didn\'t know anything about Wolfenstein at all when I started playing this game, but I can easily say that all I want now is more. I played through on the \'hard\' difficulty and found myself challenged and needing to think about my moves throughout the whole game. No aspects were too easy, but neither did any aspect feel as if the AI was "cheating".Great story arc, great characters, and excellent combat.10/10, I crave more from the Wolfenstein universe.
WTF STEAM GUARD? NOW I CANT EVEN SELL THINGS!!! STUPID STEAM REMOVE THE STEAM GUARD!! ARE YOU TRYING TO MAKE US NOT SELL THINGS?
5555
its so fun with friends but there is no singleplayer.
This game made me an alcoholic, so yea go figure.
I never actually bought the game
streets of rage 2 is a fighting game from sega and it was good, i havent played the first one but this one is much better than the first and i give this one a 8.9 out of 10
After getting the first episode of Life is Strange I didn't know what to expect. After finishing the first episode I wanted to play the other episodes and see how it ends. This game does have the Walking Dead dialogue feel, but I mainly enjoyed the Story itself, the Art style the game offered and I do commend the Graphics and the Music, but I will mainly commend the Story and Characters. You will not regret buying this game, it is nice and once you finish the first season of this game you will feel like wanting a second season. I cannot wait for a second game to play9/10
Cool.
Cancer
I played this game 6 hours straight! (if you haven't caught on... BUY IT!) Simple stealth mechanics good plot well thought-out level design nice art style OMG THE SOUNDTRACK!!!!Why are you still here?
I felt like I was a little child playing this game, I was scared to even turn a corner ^_^. You know those times where you're told not to do something so your mind automatically wants to do it? yeah not a good idea in this game unless you wanna go to the bathroom after!
Hey that's pretty good
The most addictive game available since crack was invented for small children in the 1940's.
If u played Gunz 1, u will know how ♥♥♥♥ Gunz 2 is
The best DBZ game in a really long time. A great recovery after that pile of ♥♥♥♥ Battle of Z. If you're a DBZ fan this is a must have. The online is a bit unstable currently but you can't really complain since it just launched and there are a lot of people online. If you do get it working it is worth it. Also you can do the Ginyu force Pose. With other random players.
This is one of the greatest games I have ever played. Highly recommended.
this game is great, good gameplay and the time shifting mechanics are pretty cool, ive played and finished it a few times now and i usually come back to it after a few weeks of not playing. overall about 7.5/10
where the hell do i get the activation code some one plz tell me
GunZ 2: The Second Duel is a very fast paced game that is only playable because of its 3rd person mode. I highly reccomend this game for adrenilen junkies (sorry for spelling) and people who love defying gravity by wall running. You can play this game smartly, by wall jumping while shooting your enemy, or by playing brutaly, putting together furocious combos that destroy your enemy. When in doubt about this game try it out, it will be a new experience and the game is free so you don't need to worry about money.
New updates all the time, which is great that they don't abandon it after getting enough money to stop. The game is a great survival sandbox. The community is happy for you to ask questions in-game and don't get too mad at you.
great game ,until you get to the pro server
This game is sooo good and its only just started and it can only get better from here. alot of bugs thoug but you know that will be fixed!!!
Vote
Before I played:＼＼ ＿\u3000\u3000 ＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) \u3000\u3000\u3000 <\u3000⌒ヽ \u3000\u3000\u3000/ \u3000 へ＼ \u3000\u3000 /\u3000\u3000/\u3000＼＼ \u3000\u3000 ﾚ\u3000ノ\u3000\u3000 ヽ_つ \u3000\u3000/\u3000/ \u3000 /\u3000/| \u3000(\u3000(ヽ \u3000|\u3000|、＼\u3000| 丿 ＼ ⌒)\u3000| |\u3000\u3000) /`ノ )\u3000\u3000LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ \u3000\u3000\u3000\u3000\u3000\u3000 \u3000ム｀ヽ / ノ) \u3000）\u3000ヽ / ｜\u3000\u3000( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ /\u3000ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく\u3000 ＼\u3000／ 丶＿ ノ ｡\u3000\u3000 ノ､\u3000｡|/ \u3000\u3000 `ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ \u3000\u3000\u3000 丶 ￣ _人'彡)
This game rocks.  The lack of graphics is more then made up for in awesome gameplay mechanics
Robbed two guys with a stick, so fly atm
The gameplay is so smooth, and the overall story is compelling and it is a great game to play.
I have a toshiba and it works fine only issue is that its a bit hard to see wen zooming in
Its a bit hard on solo but when coop its a bit easy when you stick together and farming makes it even harder to get items
seriously just get it its free.
░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░ ░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░ ░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░ ░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░ ░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░ ░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░ ░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░ ░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░ ░░░▀▀░▄ EA░░▄░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
very buggy, cant even join a game, stuck at synchronizing game maps, but im sure the game will get better, hope the main bugs get fixed soon!!!!!
This game is a fun FPS for people who like a mix of Old Western with new physics I'd recommend for anyone one who has a lot time on there handShrinko- KILL ME IF YOU CAN
a great rouge like game that's fast, fun and addictive.
Really Old but It's still gold.
The game is great, until the hype train came around, now infamy means nothing and you cant gage skill by level anymore. If you get the game you need to learn it, dont use a high level pro, or hacker to get you to infamy in less time than it takes to learn the game. But if you have the patience to sit around fixing drills and waiting for guards to stop camping in bad places, you will find this game is the best bag moving simulator around. Should you choose to be a scrub and only go loud you are a scrub and should to be patient, i mean sersiously you may find shooting at dozers fun, but theres nothing more exhilarating than almost losing your last pager, or almost running into a group meeting of guards while attempting to move that last bag to the van.Also learn to love and praise RNGesus for he is the saviour, the only true way to win is through his gift of dodge
I recommend you play this game
This game is an open-world science-fiction third-person shooter with absolutely beautiful graphics. One of the many things that this game lacks is a decent incentive to keep playing as the gameplay consists of very mundane and repetitive tasks.  I would recommend this game only to people who enjoy the grindiest of grindfests.
I used to have this game on my old samsung omnia windows phone. Always loved it! Please bring it to android and iOS!!
YES YES AND A  THOUSAND TIMES YES
This is an amazing fast-paced action game with amazing graphics. It is an overall amazing game.
made me realize how much we need a genocide in peru10/10wish this wouldn't exist
Short runs, quick to pick up, simple mechanics and amazingly addictive gameplay.Highly Highly recomended!
This game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome!
Its hard to say it good because it says that a 2 gb ram comp can run it but it freaking doesn't..... It looks good but edit the requirments.............SAD FACE =(
i like it:)
I have not seen a game that has made me genuinely care for a character since Banjo Kazooie, and that was back when i was young and stupid.
it sucks
it nice Game
Seems like the old game - Populous: the beginning.
While not graphically very good it has really fun, addicting gameplay that will suck hours from your life. It's longevity is increased by the many amazing mods. I highly reccomend the mods L'aigle and Anno Domini.
EN QUE NIVEL 6
like game lol
I loved playing this game, even with me and my potato computer i was able to run it with it looking amazing (except those eyes, creepy). The stealth segments felt amazing and was honestly my favourite part of the game, while the fighting felt extremely satisfying once i understood the patterns of the game.My one complaint would have to be the lack of variety in bosses, while poison ivy was my favourite boss for her unique fight, the rest were you fighting big hulking figures such as bane or some of joker's henchmen. Otherwise, amazing game.9/10
This game is pretty cool, very retro, fun to play and has lots of things to do.Im glad that the owners have changed to DECA                   woooooooooowww yeah, and they should be adding lots more to the game. ;) I am sure to be playing this a lot more now that the game is finally being worked on
Day 10I managed to find the warehoue and get inside found alot of important items and i decided to celebrate by drinking a whole bottle of red wineRealise i have light drinkerGot drunk as ♥♥♥♥zombies came in and killed me.10/10 Would drink again.
This is a great game made by Valve that was released 7 years ago and is still kicking, its a great alternative to other FPS's
Hi [Steam_Name_Here], you have to check out this game, it's the most innovative shooter I've played in years.
Great game and it's really fun to play with friends....bit brief isn't it...
iz gud
This game is quite frustrating, mainly due to the fact that you often do not have control over your own demise nor enough vision on the surrounding environment. Instant-death traps are often just off-screen but fire as soon as you see them (not giving you enough time to dodge), damage is dealt by cheap hidden enemies, and you very often take fall damage as it is difficult to judge where you will land (again, due to the limited vision).If the camera was zoomed out just a little, this might be a much better game - as it is, I would not recommend it, even to fans of roguelike platformers.
Pretty cool except that some server Mods are unfair and insta ban without warnings or reasons E.G. Illusion Gaming /Fastdl/Custom Classes/ TDM Cars - Dark RP
sorry for all the hating
Best Horror Game 10/10.
This is the BEST shoot and loot out there to somone whos never played it, it will seem reptitive but is alwways throws something new at you BUY IT NOW!!!!!!1
Very hard unforgiving but it is still fun :)
This is a great game with adventures and also battle sprites they are cute ^_^ i invite you guys to play tthis game is also best like tf2 or dota sort of :PBUT JUST PLAY THIS GAME BAND UP AND GO ADVENTURE!!!!!! :Dalso GOOD LUCK BY RANKING UP LEVELES SEE YOU GUYS THERE! My Name Is The-Campion!!! add me tho :P
Real fun game, just a shame that it had idiots for developers. Decide to shut down the game as their way of improving it, cause u kno, their real smart. People claim that the game is dead or is going dead, yet all the times i qued up for a match i got one in seconds. 10/10 for killing a game that could make you money and bring joy to so many people, was fun while it lasted sucks that its ending.
hey robocraft i think you should add a sandbox mode so you can play with whatever you want but dont get expand the enemies in it are harder depending on your stuff
WARFRAME IS THE BEST GAME EVER GET IT NOW. but you still need to make an account =)it is awesome awesome awesome=) what i do is play heaps a heaps and when i get bored pay credits (in game) for a wepon blueprint,,, i start building, go to sleep and in the morning it is done,,,, most of the time,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, BUT IT IS AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
10/10
THIS GAME IS AWESOME :)
It's the year 2065.... where you can slide up stairs Kim Kardashians ♥♥♥/911
A tale of mystery and betrayal, murder and corruption, this game is certainly an enjoyable ride. You can be anything from a traditional sniper to Jack Torrance from The Shining, with his croquet mallet and fire axe. The only fault I can find is the master server not connecting.
I RECOMEND TEAM FORTRESS 2!!!
Hey Guys Idk What Happen to this gaMeI just Bougth this on october 17 and when i just open my Computer and "bam" steam said Your Cs:Go Was remove In to your Library and To my account By Some one Gift Amandai  0_o? Some one Help  me pls Even Steam Cant Help Me Or i didnt Get back the cs:go adnd i been scammed.    
I got friendzoned by my PC....
ehh, not a bad game really... The community is rubbish though
GOOD GAME IS AMAZING
Fun game to play with your friends
OMG this is one of my favourite games of all time!!!
I'm into oldschool point and click games with (Use, talk, look) commands so this is a neat little story-game.The first episode took me about 10 minutes to beat, but hey I'd like to play the rest of the episodes when they come out
I bought this knowing I wouldn't be able to run it on my laptop.I just wanted that pre-order bonus.10/10
This is an amazing game that more than 90,000 people like!Yes this is a fighting game but it is also a mess around game at the same time, like when a whole server does the conga.These are some of the things that you can do... nvm.FIGHT!
Good game takes a bit to learn how to play/master
this is one of the greatest hack n slashes of all time.do you enjoy slashing your foes to bits?do you enjoy destroying a horde of super soldiers?do you love slashing gaint mechs while listening to epic music?if you answered yes to the above then this is the perfect game for you
First of all, I would like to thank developers for being very consistent about the updates.I do play some indie games and I reckon 'Project Zomboid' is the best game in terms of updates and i can't even mention all those features which were very interesting and I could definitely see hard work from the developers. (For example, Multiplayer, WOW!)I am a big fan of open-world survival game(+zombie apocalypse) and this game is  just great and I can gurantee that it willbecome even better and better with upcoming updates which are on a regular basis.Only the hard part for me were/are bugs and I think these bugs do not bother too much in terms of game progressing andI do understand it considering that it is stil an early access game.I assume this game has potential to become one of the best games in the genre(i personally think it already is).
Dont be put off by my hours, I probably had hundreds before this came to steamPros:-Tons of different biomes and scenarios give heaps of replayability-Unique events always make sure you have something to deal with-Great developer who always communicates with the community-Lots of work put into making colonists feel human-Decent combat system -Good UI-Lots of variety to how you build your base-Complex injury system-Hardly any bugs or crashes-Nice art styleCons:-Making a base that isn't either built into a mountain or surrounded by mountains gives you a big disadvantage, especially on higher difficulites-End game can be a bit lacking, either build a spaceship and escape or eventually get overrun by raiders.Overall a fantastic game well worth 30 USD. 
The BEST game ever made. Also free for others that cant afford money. Lots of servers, and the best thing, HATS! You can get buds and ♥♥♥♥. But 1 thing... NEVER! WEAR! AND TOUCH! THE GIBUS!
Ark Is a pretty Fun game its because you can tame Dinosaurs, kill other people, Raid people and Be in a Tribe with your friends but the thing i don't like was My game Crashing like some times when people have a really good computer it some times crash and some times The Fps Goes all crazy but its a good game people should play i would recommend people to play this game it.
Wow, been a while since i played this. I remember playing this on the playstation and it kicking my ♥♥♥ XD. Compared to Doom this is far superior (i still love doom though), crouching, jumping, swimming and some basic stealth elements (use crouch, c, to sneak up on enemies then punch (equip by pressing 1) them in the back of the head for a insta kill (haven't tried it later stages though since with the later weapons you basically forget about this). Controls are you basic dos era shooter, c crouch, spacebar jump, e interact, number keys to select weapons. WARNING there is NO manual vertical aiming (which is VERY common for games of that era) instead there is a auto aim akin to doom although it is not very pronounced for standard horizontal aiming. This has not been remastered so the graphics are OLD but since i play a lot of DOS games i don’t mind it myself. The locations are interesting and diverse (heck even the sewage level was fun for me :P). To find some secrets requires a little bit of platforming (can get annoying sometimes due once again to no vertical mouse movement) and puzzle solving but nothing that is really annoying. Also since it is a old game it can get quite difficult, just be prepared for the later levels which can get quite hard fast. I’m running 64 bit windows and no problems with dos box so far.Pros:More movement then your standard Doom clone, crouching, jumping, basic swimming.Diverse levels and settings. Although the textures are similar, diverse level design makes this a absolute joy to play.Difficulty, it starts off REALLLLLLLLY easy but gets hard quick, since there are few gameplay elements this works in its favour keeping it interesting.You get to shoot mouse droids :D (if you can hit the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s :P)Awesome weapons (break through armour and skulls alike with your punch! (warning not recommended against higher tier enemies :P), your standard star wars thermal detonators, a funny looking rocket launcher.Dialog is nice, I didn't really pay much attention though.Cons:Graphics ARE REALLLLY old, so in your own view that could be good or bad. I would have liked at least effort to make look better since it is on steam now.Gameplay might get hard for some of you, and some of the puzzles might get frustrating (stuck on one level where you had to get through a door near a conveyer belt, answer was kinda obvious once i solved it but it took ages to figure it out).Sounds are not actually that bad although still reallly old so that might affect some of you.Requires DOSBOX to run (comes pre-configured and ready to go though just launch the game through steam) so some of you might have issues with it (64 bit windows 8.1 seems to run fine though)Will most likely edit this after finishing the last few levels. If you love Doom style games you will love this.Edit: Just heard of a mod/standalone called dark forces extended, going to check it out, looks promising. Adds vertical mouse support, fixes bugs and maybe better graphics.'Nother edit: Check this link out for people that are having trouble with controls and other things, also conatins the manual in the actuall posts (also a link there if needed  i think):http://forums.steampowered.com/forums/showthread.php?t=2150564
Great Game. Do get. Like Minecraft and Day Z had baby.
To all fans of the TOTAL WAR community, if you love you strategy like gameplay as seen in MEDIVAL 2 an love the real time battles as seen in EMPIRE and NEPOLEON....SHOGUN is the next step in world leading stradegy type games...
To all fans of the TOTAL WAR community, if you love you strategy like gameplay as seen in MEDIVAL 2 an love the real time battles as seen in EMPIRE and NEPOLEON....SHOGUN is the next step in world leading stradegy type games...
At first I was skeptical..... but damn... much better than I expected.
Great Game, Good community and hats galore. Most importantly, good shotting mechanics. 9.5/10
Just about to play, but it pr oabbly sucks tbh fam
This game would make a good replacement for sleeping pills if you have insomnia.WARNING: Side effects may include confusion, glitches, diarrhoea, soul-sucking feelings of melancholy and buyers remorse (thank Waukeen I never paid full price).
420/10 made me not get a gf, stay home all summer, and take over japan all in the same monththanks digital extremes, for a game that made me eat more hot pockets in a hour than a child in africa did in his entire life
Get Ready For a Feel Trip
Ruined my life. 5 stars
Cars + Explosions + Lotsa DAKKA (WH reference right there) = AWESOMENESS GALORE!
In a nutshell, Minecraft had a baby with Kerbal Space Program with the baby evolving to an advanced race. This game is a must for those who loves building and using creativity and logic to make amazing and innovating machines. This game has by far THE best developers i have ever seen, they listen to their fans and they release EXCITING updates EVERY WEEK. Also has great physics and above average graphics. This is one of the best early access games on steam for sure.
Great immersive survival game. New content added regularly. Not for the short of patience.
123
i recomend this game because i feel like it
I don't know where to start! Life Is Feudal is by far one of the BEST sandboxes ive ever played. Its got unique systems and mechanics for crafting, forging, cooking, alchemy and other things like terraforming and logging. ALL of which have their own skill sets and levelling so you won't progess skills the same way twice, or find the same items & ingredients in the same place which is a nice touch. Depending on which server you are on, there are also variable stat & skill caps this means that if you specialise in a certain skill it can determine how useful you will be in building settlments, and once reach the leveling limit of one skill, thats it Reach the stat and skill caps and leveling up will be a distant memory as they will become rare occurences. This means prople of different skills will have to work together and pool resources and skills, especially if a battle takes place in nearby settlements/towns and repairs have to be made quickly. For example, one person of your group/guild might be a master blacksmith, while another will be a master Logger, so choosing which skill to level completely is CRUCIAL.You basically start the game with nothing but food scraps and rags for clothes, so your first instinct is to create primitive gear which can be done quite quicker than you would expect. As you start to meet random people in your travels, you will also start to learn of the surrondings more and where developments have been started. I remember one time where I spawned into the world and I basically turned right and saw an ENTIRE FORTRESS built far off into the distance on the other side of an island, and as I explored around there was the odd camp/shack then a small town where groups have formed a guild. It cleary shows the sheer scope of how important working with people is in this game.Another strong point is the combat mechanics, if you have played the Mount & Blade games you will feel right at home here with the directional movements and there are even group formations to be used in a battle! Formations like shield walls, phalanx/wedge, and defensive circle formations can be applied and changed on the fly in mid battle, VERY useful for when 2 armies or more are battling it out.The final thing you will notice (and the most notable when you start the game and spawn into a world) is the graphics. At the moment there are Direct x 7 and 9 graphics, DO NOT let the discussions and reviews fool you! This game is a visual master piece considering the DX7 and 9 graphics closely resemble TES4: Oblivion's graphics, but with the fast approaching release date the Direct x 11 graphics will make this one of the most beautiful medieval themed sandboxes ever made!Overall i give this game a 8.5/10 and thats just at an EARLY ACEESS point of veiw as Bitbox are at the moment of smoothing everything out for the release and beginning to implement future features upon post release. This has been one of the most comprehensive, immersive and challenging games ive played to date. Looking forwand to more! 11/10 would recommend this game to those who have never played sandboxes or similar themed games like MMORPG's as it is worth the experience.
Great campaign, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ multiplayer, as the multiplayer is literally no different to MW2's multiplayer.I recommend the Singleplayer/Campaign to anyone.
not respawning sucks but makes life more liveable
NÃO LIGUEM PARA OS ERROS DE PTBem o jogo é incrivelJogabilidade ♥♥♥♥Tem sprayNão da lag em server gringosGrafico ♥♥♥♥Modos ♥♥♥♥sZombie mod ♥♥♥♥Tudo no jogo é ♥♥♥♥Resumindo10/10
just get it already - bloody incredible
it is A good game but it is now not working for me can any one tell my why
Love this game, makes you feel like Captin Kirk, watching your crew die all the time.
Love this game, recommended to anyone that likes War/Millitary games. Played over 1700 hours
Playing as a triangle who is only able to move around a hexagon, you must avoid white blocks that come in waves that follow patterns. Addictive as it is simple, and the price is fantastic.
Portal 2 Is a game where you play as the silent protagonist \'Chell\' in Aperture Laboratories or as one of two testing robots in the cooperative initiative. This game revolves around the one thing that aperture has time and time again proven is it\'s most valuable item, the Aperture Science handheld portal device, There are multiple versions but they come in two phases, singular and dual portal, with the singular, you can only place one portal. The dual alternative, you get the idea. Portal 2 revolves around puzzles in rooms and physics to get there, and it\'s all thanks to the man, Cave Johnson. Why buy it? It\'s a great game that doesn\'t just end at the end of the campaign / singleplayer / story, There\'s coop mode which allows you to buddy up locally or over the net, maybe even with a stranger if necessary. Even once you finish that there\'s more, community-made tests. There are so many you\'d be there for a whileif you plan to finish all of them. Why do people say cave hates lemons? Who is wheatley? Why is GLaDOS calling me a monster? "Let me answer those questions with a question: Who wants to make sixty dollars? Cash." Not really, just stop asking questions and see it for yourself.
Fantastic game
This game is a cash grab. Completely single player with only the uploading of planet names as the 'multiplayer' element. Complete lies from what the author stated in several interviews.The game looks good but has no content. I lost interest in 28hrs.As for discovering new planets etc. It's the same mechanics just with different textures/colors. Basically you just repeat the same thing over and over, even the voice in your head telling you that you need to get your $60 value from this won't be enough to make you keep going round and round.I price this game at $19 or less with the expectation that more would be added.
Even though i only have a few hours on this game and so far its amazing i reccomend it all people.
gud
Good Game
best game ever!!!
pew pew...hats-GOTY
When I first started playing, I honestly found it boring. I stopped playing, but revisited it after quite a while. I must say, best free to play game I've played. Why might that be? It's not pay to win. Sure, you could buy a warframe and weapons with real cash. But that doesn't mean you're any good at the game. You actually have to take the time to collect mods, upgrade your warframe and weapons. But - if you play enough, you don't have to pay any real money to get platinum (an in-game currency). You can trade with other players to make platinum. Which is fantastic. But doing that takes time. This brings me to farming or grinding. When it comes to having to farm certain mobs to drop a certain recourse or mod, it's actually fun.In summary - the first part of the game may not seem fun. But it gets better. With the various mission types you can do, learning the lore of the Tenno as the story unfolds, the many quests you can do, all the different types of warframe/weapons. Yes I can recommend this.
This is a trash videogame that i find myself unable to stop playing. Do yourself a favour, and dont download it.
A Nice looking Sandbox Game with lots of mods,I reccomend buying it
 Posfemale protagonist with a history of dump a girl in schoolhas yuri in itcan marry anythings that can talkcan make you ragequit ConHow to change key setting?Maybe I'm not going to finish this game.Since I Started on MASTER diffuculty,now I'm stuck on the Ultimate boss.Should have read the review first :D
♥♥♥♥♥♥ Optimization(for my pc anyway) but decent game.
Starbound is a great game for players who prefere a less instense gaming style. Starbound has one of the best in game sound tracks you will probably ever find. with calm music for exploring the abundants of planets this game has to offer to faster music for boss fights or enemy encounters. The thing i liked most about Starbound is the massive selection of different weapons and in game items. You will find yourself quickly exploring numerous planets in search of coal to fuel your spaceship to travel to other planets and solar systems. The way the planets in the game are randomly generatd complements this games exploraion and progressive difficulty and i would highly reccomend ths game to other players who would like a calmer, deeper experience in their games.
pancake
Meh
simply amazing for a 2004 game the physics and storyline really gets you engaged. I think this is one of valves best game series ever
아주 좋소!
como um jogo pode de deixar na pior depois de ir para o final fuim
10/10
This game has a lot of creativity. I enjoy this game because it never is the same. the oppenents are different, the skills needed in fighting them maybe a noob or to a pro. a real challenge thats still fun, yet get you to work with different moves. Wonderful. 9.5/10 
Great story... flawed game.
This game was ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥ it is now stuck on my profile im going to kill myself
Hacking and loading simulator.
Wow great game and graphics 8/10
its an awsome game and everybody should play pts be scout
As soon as you buy a knife you will not want to play this game anymore.
Is anybody experiencing crashes at the start screen?
Uninstall, delete, purge all memory of it.
WOW THIS GET IS GREAT!
I can imagine War of The Roses is a compelling game but after i payed downloaded and redownloaded and the game still wouldnt work even though i had the specs required and tried everything. War of The Roses shouldve of been in a longer beta with mre guides so that people can get on and play
Great Game to play :)Still fun to play :)
this game is crappy
this game is awsome
Great game fore free :) Enjoy hours of fun!
i got to kill Gandi
 moo ♥♥♥♥♥
HeyGuys,As a long time addict, I would like to give a honest though undoubtedly biased review of this game/lifestyle/drug. Playing this game is like taking yoga for 5 years, training mercilessly day and night. Then finally surgically removing a rib in order to one day suck your own ♥♥♥♥, only to discover that the relentless physical torment has left your junk in a hapless defective state. What you will experience from playing this game is 99.9% flaming, scapegoating and being killed by players more invested in this video game experience than you could ever hope to be. The majority of mechanical game-play consists of attacking an AI-controlled unit at the last possible moment in order to obtain a pitiful amount of gold from it. And then proceeding to repeat this action hundreds of times every single game. Still interested? I will not question what may be wrong with you but seeing as you have read thus far I will let you in to this little secret. The reason why people have played this game since it's inception, and have never gotten bored of it. This is the little .1% of pure untampered ecstasy. It is the moment that the scales fall from your eyes to reveal the next level of complexity within the world of dota you once believed to be much simpler. The moment you first overcome your opponent with skill you have sacrificed your blood, sweat and tears to develop. When the stars align and that wombo combo aces the 5 ♥♥♥♥boys stupid enough to challenge you and your brothers in arms. When you comeback from mega creeps (A checkmate in nearly all cases) to snatch the victory which dangled so precariously in the jaws of defeat. Followed by talking so much ♥♥♥♥ to the early good game flamer on the other team, your mouth may as well be a colostomy bag. This is the high you will achieve from this narcotic we call Dota 2. And you will without a doubt, spend the rest of your life, crawling miserably through the toxic sewerage ala public games in order to once more experience it in all of it's richness and warmth. Truth be told there is no guarantee that you will ever feel that same way again. But it's worth trying. I think.
best game
Dis game is hitler and you are a jew with 20 lives. would recommend /10
Easy game on captain(normal) once you know what to buy.Hard mode is where hell's at. Since on captain you can kill everyone on all the escort missions. Hard mode makes me run for dear life and still dies.9/10 (i want the next sequel dammit!)so far there are no routes but its nice to play for the story lines first.some say the game's too hard even on normal mode but thats for you to decide, not themKey pointers for the game: Sunrider should have 7/5/4 on kinetic(minimum) shield and +1 range 125energy(for 5 flak rounds)Chigara and claude should have a a range of 2 (+5 shield power is optional)Sola should have +7atk 130 energy and 65%kinetic energy usage(~$300 cheaper) acc is optional but recomended2allience cruiser are very importantuse all guard to fight against overwhelming missles and laserschigara has repair boosters that adds 200hp morecomplete all missionsthese are the most basic set up and pointers i use when i play on captain mode. have fun
Early dev so content is being added, but stable to play and a pretty darn fun zombie survival. Setup houses and bases, craft ♥♥♥♥, kill people, help people.EDIT: Figured I'd update this to not recommended, these early access games are not for the weak gamer.
Game was really fun, especially the pro-bending. It would be awesome if there was a online version of pro-bending
♥♥♥♥, don't buy
So many different ways to take the objective and so easy to be creative! 9/10
Best FPS game ever 10/10
Don't. Buy. This. Game. Ever.
It wouldn't be a Kalypso game without some sort of troubleshooting:http://steamcommunity.com/app/23450/discussions/#p2
DIS GAME IS JUST EPIC AS DOTA 2,COUNTER STRIKE:GO<AND OTHER GREAT GAMES  NUF SAID
i only had to be stopped from hanging myself 7 times
I think the hours played shows how good this game is.
If you are hesitating getting this, don't
Got alittle sexual but i aint complaining, great atmosphere and soundtrack love the constant moaning - i'm stuck for 5 hours for kissing the police, my butt-man wont answer my calls (im just that good at caressing those clouds of his posterior) gave myself an arm workout with succulent man, trying to snipe someones diddles across the road with a ♥♥♥♥ rifle loaded with condoms is harder than it sounds.nipple piercing/10 will play again in 5 hours for those euphoric car beats
Beautiful soundtrack, intriguing storyline, and complimentary feels.A brilliant visual novel. 10/10.
It's good, although one thing,TOO MUCH HATS AND AN UNSTABLE ECONOMY. *looking at the Gun Mettle update & the overusage of conga, this game is now 'Conga Fortress 2: Mann Offensive'* get what i meant? :31-6-16 If you don't have money for Overwatch, be here instead. If somehow you can get your crazy worth of money frim itens from TF2 buy Overwatch, just don't and keep em forever...
Those Danish ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s really know how to mind ♥♥♥♥ you in the most amazing way. 10/10
So sad one of the most touching games i have played in a while and in like less than 6 minutes and thats hard to do...9/10
So sad one of the most touching games i have played in a while and in like less than 6 minutes and thats hard to do...9/10
Pior que crack.
great game
Great game if you son't have it yet then get it
Buggy But fun , if you hate walking for long periods of time just wait a while till they add cars other than that just some minor bugs and not very many items other that that great game
Very Good.
great
Needs a lot of things fixed but otherwise an addicting game.
okay game.
Got anal penertrated by skeletons in the first 15mins of game play.10/10
Great fun Super exciting would reccomend
yes yes buy buy good good do do
baixem esse jogo eu recomendo
Yes it is a Really fun game but it becomes pointless and then you have watsed 30 dollers on a game that you had only played a few hours on there need to be something more and that takes much longer
play wait till get items wait till get op rek everyone
I really enjoy PAYDAY 2, as do many of my friends. It's a vast improvement over PAYDAY: The Heist in many ways. The amount of customising  guns and masks is pretty good, and I also enjoy how many heists there are compared to PDTH. I don't really enjoy how much grinding you have to do each time you become infamous, but that's to be expected. There are some gameplay mechanics that could be improved on such as the visibility in stealth and the sync issues, but overall, I give this game a solid 7.5/10. Still issues that could be worked on, but a good game either way.
So SO dissapointed to see that the creator won't release the 2nd installment of this gameThis is truely art, a puzzling piece of art. Please try this game
me gusta muy parecido al minecraft
GTA5简直神作 丰富的内容 碉堡的优化 唯一的缺点是服务器不怎么能连接上  开车掉帧问题
Genial, testa a inteligência do jogador e pode realmente simular um cenário apocaliptico.Minha nota: 9/10
10/10 ignBest game of all time until MKX comes out
2HOT4U
Yes.
Elite soldier pack has helmets. 10/10, my guy died in style.Story time.I had my epic squad, and we decided it was time to assualt and alien base. This squad had destroyed everything the aliens had thrown at us. Long thin agent aliens, the dumb grunts, and the giant mutons.The squad entered the base, clearing through it easily. The Mec did most of the work. That was until the squad heard a sound, the sound of death. A giant looking bug walked out, it looked easy to be taken down. The squad opened fire shredding the bug apart. Then 5 poured out. The squad was torn apart and injected with the bugs babies, the end.TL;DRThe giant bugs destroy everything.
A fun ARPG with a heartwarming story behind it's development, it's hard not to root for this game's success. Of course, it's not like I have to, because the game is good enough to stand on it's own merit. Good humour, a good story, and good combat mechanics make this a game that's a lot of fun to play. Finally, it's cross-platforminess is a huge draw as it means you can continue playing crashlands wherever you want! (Side note: cross-platforminess is the reason why I still use Google Chrome, despite it's flaws.) All up, it's well worth the $20 you need to buy it on PC and mobile.
Like Minecraft in space... With rockets!... and missiles... and all with the easy to use workshop for all your modding needs, no more sifting through folders to sort out conflicts etc =D
Boss as
WORST GAME EVER MADE!
aswome game
Amazing horror game with intense gun battles leaving limbs lying all over the room! Occasional jump scares making you ♥♥♥♥ yourself! I would have to say my favourite game series would easily be the F.E.A.R series for how much fun it brings, blowing soldiers to bits. GET ON IT!!
I think this game is AMAZING! You can do what ever you want, you can build, fight, troll and much more.Theres an awesome workshop were you can download things you couldn't get before.My favourite poster is Pillar, he posts awesome content and i hope you check him out to.
uuuuh. controls please?EDIT:they added controls, but i still cant play because i have no friendssure its a great game otherwise!
one of the coolest looking indie game i've ever played
เป็นเกมที่ถุกมากกก แต่กราฟฟิก สวย ทำคอมกูแล็คคคค
An awesome sequel and an awsome game. A challenging puzzler that doesnt quite destroy your mind (until you start doing community test chambers!!!). The story is unique and interesting, and with the introduction of co-op and community test chambers, the fun doesn't stop after the main campaign! A must have for any game library.
Rogue Legacy is a nice breath of fresh air in the Rogue-Like genre. The gameplay and the graphics make the game feel more fresh and the family tree and various upgrade systems give the game depth and make it possible for anyone to get addicted to this game.
buy this game from me for 1 key btw i have it for myself its a great game
Great fun game with friends
I hope you're happy with yourselves... ;n; 
It only took 13 years but I knew it'd go f2p, finally. (Nov13/2016)
funny game
Amazing game! 5 stars!
Jogo bom!!!
Great game dont normally play this type of fps but found it to be awesome
good
The best 2D game ever made
Free and FunCodename CURE is a great little game and its FREE!!! Take up your arms as a tactical operator in a search and destroy mission to hinder the zombie outbreak. 4 Player Co-Op and a survival made, Great game thats great fun
Planetside 2 is a beautiful and expansive open world game, it is a game that makes itself stand out really well. because it is a, FPS, MMO, Open World. i defenetely recomend this game to anyone who free to play FPS with something new10/10
Its good, but you have to accept the 5 stages of realm:1) Return to nexus a lot.2) Die a Lot, Which means you lose all of your items.3) Cry a lot.4) Rinse and Repeat.5)...What were you expecting, i'm writing the review.
If you haven't played this game or at least bought it, go ♥♥♥♥ yourself.
need to make the animals less rare and ill come back to the game for now i prefer old rust the no review will change when u fix the game
THIS IS BLOODY AMAZING
This Gane is Awesome, But no one plays.. T_T
HNNN! HRK! HNNN! *SPLATCH*NNNN! HRNG! RAAGH!If you like the concept of being a mute nerd in a suit and killing tentacle zombies with industrial equipment, this is the game for you.
I think this game Is a 9/10.Funny glitches, weps and moar
Can last a good few ours in Single Player, but if you grab a friend and enter Multiplayer mode this game will make for a co-operative and stratigicly fun game. Orcs Must Die! 2 is a great game that increasingly puts pressure on your stratergies and will make you rethink the way you play every level. Certanly worth the money.
One of the best games ever created, literally endless possibilities
No fear with a spear.
Refunded because servers were laggy... CPU and GPU are high end.
10/10 A catergorised review for easy readingZoomThe strategic zoom alone is multiple steps ahead of other RTS's which seems insignificant but theres really no going back...Tech and ResearchAs with most RTS style games there are technology levels (3 with an experimental level as number 4) with multiple races (4 in this game), then there is an economy stucture based on Mass (harder to aquire) and Energy (easier to build).Units/MapsAll units (aside from Commanders) are robotic and large in size which helps to accomodate for the large maps. They range from 80km by 80km to 5km by 5km. Unit limits are adjustible but can go up to 1000 without modsCombat typesForms of direct combat range from space with satelites (but only ground fire with them), land combat, naval combat (including subermrines) and air combat. commanders are also capable of teleporting to destinations.Mods etcThe game comes with some mods built in that you can turn on or off as you please. On top of this there is a strong modding community which has made many types of mods and mappacks for the gameServersThe game has three online platforms to play on GPG been the original (they have run out of money and no longer exist) steam has a platform to play off and hosts the game as it was meant to be, FAF also are a player supported platform that is the largest in use with players across world using it (it is not all originall).OverallA very fun game with a strong player community (enough so that they have set up a player supported platform through donations to play on).A good story if you play and an amazing story if you read it
it is glitchy as ♥♥♥♥ because after i bought iti played it then when i got out of it it said u need to prchase this game
I mean whats to say. This game know what it is and it is not affraid to show it.If you want dumb and mindless fun. This game has it.Only thing I can say it requires a friend to get the most out of it.Also 10/10 would stroke my revolver again.
Otimo jogo,sem igual
Gameplay is fluid and and this game looks amzing plus it has a wonderful story
This is an amazing game, I love playing it, it almost has no boundaries, apart from one Issue I have.Mods, I have a rather old graphics card, so I downloaded some mods to counter-act this, stuff that will lower graphics, get rid of grass etc. etc. But it wont let me join anybody, nobody at all, and with a person who would barely get 10-20 fps, suddenly getting solid 30 just to find out I cannot play online like this, was sort of a punch in the gut. Rockstar please fix this. I reccomend this game, (besides all the hackers and my issue with mods) 90%.
I Cry Every Time.
even though it has quite a long download time it is still has great gameplay, good graphics and gameplay that makes you wantto come back for more.
Great game, Came from pre-sequel, Not dissapointed at all.
PLEASE MAKE THIS A MAC GAME!!!
Own PAYDAY 2 and want Killing Floor, but can't afford it?Here's your cheap alternative. Only pick this one up in a sale, it's okay but you're better off buying another DLC.
itssssssssssssssssssssssssss so scary :(
Amazing gmae
im my opinion the best moba out to date, high learning curve but truly an enjoyable game
Being able to jump into a perfectly stategised tower arrangement  is amazing along with the arsenal of weapons and perks that are both gamechangingly overpowered.
It is awesome
para quem gosta de mario, ou de jogos 2D, esse jogo e uma otima escolha, sem falar do preco acessivel. recomendaco.
This game... There aren't word to describe how good it is...PS:DO NOT PET UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCE!
its really cool
Wtf are u guys talking bout this game works perfect on my game maybe u didnt download it i ♥♥♥♥ing rate this 10/10 ans its nuketown and zombies wats more to love.
yes
i like cs source better
Overkill went the way of EA and introduced microtransactions. ♥♥♥♥ this noise.
Well im probaly not the first to say this but.....BEST FPS GAME IN THE WORLD!!!!!!The reason I like it so much is because its orginal unlike some of the other FPS games out there. You dont even have to fight you can just go around the map exploring and finding new things. There is also so many taunts like the Conga , High Five and many more. There are also so many weapons to be found like the Pain Train , The Classic and so many more weapons. There are also so many hats that are really cool! Get this game by the name of Team Fortress 2 it is the best FPS out there1000000000000000000/10 
Best 30 minutes of my life ever. It deserves all of the awards, medals, achievements, and prizes on earth.ten...thousand out of ten
Really Regretting buying this game, The idea and concept of the game is amazing and it would be super fun if the game developers knew how to make a working game, but hey its ubisoft what do you expectNo Lag detection, Bad netcoding, You die without hearing a shot but watch your killcam and the enemy is shooting you for 2-3s on the cam, Terribly slow inbetween rounds,you play a 2min round wait 5mins till next round,  there has been no After work on this game after release, its buggy poorly coded and generally bad ping all round!
I can not recommend this game enough, once you start playing you can't stop. It's such an adictive game and is truely one of my favourite games of all time.
BEST.GAME.EVA
wtf
This is a really great game. I recomend it to most gamers!
yes
used to be a good game years ago, but has slowly been going down hill due to the devs trying to make a quick buck and attrack new short term players rather than trying to make robocraft a game thats fun to play for more than a few hours. Farewell robocraft
;_;
Not worth it if you own the original + DLC.
can you give people metroe credits for every game they play
Friendship destroyer
Amazing game.I love it as well because personally i play world of tanks and war thunder (no minecraft though) and its creative elements with the great pvp 11-15 v 11-15 :D Addicted
buy the pink knight and kill demons with a lollipop
Pretty chilled brah.
this game is alright
YES Just it has EVERYTHING!
is good
A great game, tonnes of fun to play with a friend or two. The AI are actually decent on any setting and the maos are all brilliant. Combat mechanics are perfect, the learning curve is quite gentle, and the game has great replayablilty. One of my favorite strategy games ever.
uhfdboiacbaoiibcsaibvosibbfiisubfoisabi very good :3
Epic
Classic FPS lineage: CheckFast Paced Shooting: CheckDifferent outcome of past events: CheckHD Graphics: CheckWorks on lower end pcs: NopeBuy this game.
It's pretty good. Plagued with issues, and you'll need a seriously good PC to play on a setting higher than normal.Is fun though.
It's pretty good. Plagued with issues, and you'll need a seriously good PC to play on a setting higher than normal.Is fun though.
The best party game ever
♥♥♥♥  desde lv 1 ao final
This game is amazing for a number of reasons. AK-47 headshot does backflip and has one of the friendliest communities of any game I have ever played. Even the 12 year olds in this game dont yell at you for top fragging and competive matchmaking doesnt put you with smurfs. The 64 tick is more than enough for me. Who needs 128 tick?I rate this game 9/11
Fue el mejor juego que he jugado =), pero que mal que se me acabo el finde semana =(, si estuviera por una vez gratuito
Love It
Esse jogo simplesmente tem um enredo com profundidade que muitos filmes nunca vão alcançar e nem outros jogos imperdivel pra quem é gamer
Seriously, I can\'t recommend this game enough, the developers are super awesome with their community interaction and they do not hold back on content updates.The gameplay is constantly entertaining whether you\'re fighting a giant robot death worm or building a nice little houseThere is so much content in this game that even after having played it for over 400 hours, I can still look at an item I\'ve not seen before and think "The ♥♥♥♥ is this?".The endgame is so satisfying to get to after collecting all of the items you need for the highest tier items, you\'ll find yourself with a shoulder mounted Space Dolphin Machine Gun or a giant prismic magic laser thing.After having owned this game for years now and loved every minute of it, I would strongly urge every human and other species to play this game.
Such a good game 100% would recommend, amazing to play on a Mac
dont play kids
An amazing Hat Simulator game with a really cool built in FPS mini-game
great game love it to bits one of the best survival games on steam but the community not that good but 10/10would suicide again
To be completely honest, It's a good game, but it didn't live up to my expectations. I might have had too high expectations for it seeing as I played LEGO Batman before this, but for me something just didn't feel right. I'd recommend that you try it if you have the money to spare and if it's on sale, but personally it's not worth the full price.
The game is incredibly buggy, as buggy as the Fallout games and that's seriously saying something. For all it's flaws however, which are far too many than should be, the gameplay is pretty darn good fun, especially when you play with other people. The new parkour system is both better and worse than the old system, but for the most part is better, more fluid and dynamic. The combat is also quite satisfying, more challenging, gone are the days of being a one man army, in are the days of (to a certain degree) skill based hack and slash. The customisation in the game is better then any previous title in the franchise and there are a lot of different styles and choices to personalize your character which is great. The story was in my opinion, interesting, it is somewhat a cross between previous titles and black flag, an assassin vs templar's story like the old titles, but also a personal story like black flag. The bugs...the bugs in this game are horrendous, as is the optimization. I haven't encountered the infamous 'no face bug' but l have encountered quite a lot of crashes, some crashes which even forced me to restart the game as they caused my save to corrupt. So on one hand, you could see it as the game is so bad in the sense that it crashed so frequently and even forced me to restart (l'm currently on my fourth playthrough), On  the other hand however, it can also be seen from a positive perspective, being the game is that fun that l was willing to play through the game four times from start to finish. Performance flaws aside, this is the first, in my opinion real Assassin's Creed game, proper stealth mechanics, overhauled combat, l would definitely recommend the game, but only after it's flaws are fixed and the game is better optimized.
game is good and bad if you havem no life worth playing if you have life best  comdeitive scean
Pretty good but could use some balancing ...
Well I wouldn't characterise myself as a forthright authority on Civilization V but I sure have spent a lot of time playing haha. Here goes; Civilization V is one of the best games I have ever played and I recommend it to anyone looking for an extensive, vivid game that really challenges you. In my opinion, Vanilla Civ (just Civ5 without the DLC Brave New World) is pretty good but doesn't realise its full potential until you've got Brave New World; it changes the ways victory can be achieved adds on a neat amount of civs etc.This game has it all; a brush on combat that isnt overly complex but is still detailed nonetheless, u can defeat your opponents through cunning diplomacy or by overwhelming them with your superior culture.Civ5 is a pretty extensive game; and yes, one game can take quite a few hours so it's not for the lighthearted. Whether you play with friends or just Single Player, this game is bound to give you hours (or hundreds of hours) of fun and excitement, definitely worth in value as opposed to other games that you might play for a few hours and burn out.This is a game you can fondly go back to time to time and still derive great fun from; 10/10 Must Buy
Absolutely fantastic game. A fantastic 'friends-and-couch' game. Even better with alcohol.
I'm not gonna go into detail, as my fellow Heisters have already torn Overkill a new ♥♥♥♥. All I can say is, Overkill, I am dissapointed.
I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!I JUST TOOK A SHOWER WITH MY DAD!
SO AWESOME.
10/10 would play
an interesting game that let us think about the impact of war, especially the citizens.
Excellent game, have spend more hours than I thought possible on it. Great replayability and nice feel and music, very addicitive. 5 stars.
this game is amazing! would rate it a 10/10, if it wasnt for the the fact that it is breaking my computer. Runs fine, the it stops me from playing where everything else keeps on chasing after me, dealing damage to me, and ending up in me dieing...
so god damn good
If you are a COD boy don't play it! :DGreat game involves lots of stratergy and you can't just run and gun! LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!! :D10/10 if you are in to these sort of games.
16 bit graphical retro goodnessUnfortunately it's a too short game
Great game, some great moments, even though at the current point there a quite a lot of gliches/things I would change. Great graphics even on low, though you need a very good computer to run this ultra.Pros+ Everything except consCons- Cars stick to the road- Gliches that need to be fixed- Sometimes car spawning in co-op sometimes
The gameplay is quite good and worthy of a thumbs up. Ubisoft ruins the experience. Constant never experienced before connection problems, gamebreaking crashes to desktop that happen often enough to feel like they\'re happening all the time - the fact that if your game crashes or you lose connection from a ranked game and the game ends while you\'re trying to turn the game back on and reconnect, you get temporarily banned from ranked games for "abandoning".  More time is spent in matchmaking than in game in r6 siege.This game is largely unfinished and like many other unfinished games, has been labelled as a finished one. I can accept that ranked play is in Beta and should be reviewed as such, but the entire game as a whole is a bit broken and as a whole, should have a rating below its current.EDIT - I have been randomly kicked off of ranked matches and temporarily banned 3 times now, I\'m actually losing ranks because of this game\'s flawed \'toxic community\' paranoia. If you\'re going to temporarily ban people for prematurely leaving games, perhaps exclude those who have been thrown off games by unstable connection to unstable servers from being banned.
é um jogo no estilo cartoon bem divertido de jogar eu aconselho darem uma olhada
I Love the mix of Genres, but my designs are really good and keep being stolen. i haven't found a report button (yet) and i would love to be able to report people stealing my ship designs, because if you've taken a long time figuring the perfect mix to put on a ship, it's great. but someone else just goes and steals it without having to go through all the trouble and it's really annoying. but love the game. 9/10!
i want it so much
♥♥♥ dis game cod of dooty iz way betr than kiln flour becuz cod of dooty iz way mor relistic dan kiln flur
Love this game, Sah gewd
Muy buen juego actualizan constantemente y con cada actualizacion refuerzan el interes del jugador
i like the game is left 4 dead
One of the best games i have played. Really easy to start playing with a nice enough community to help you. I would Recammend Dota as a new game for all types of people.
free to play doesn't affect by how expensive your itemfun
Bloody good
FFF
Another great game by Valve, Team Fortress 2 to me seems like an FPSRPG (First Person Shooter Role Playing Game) because you can choose between 9 classes, each with different special abilities. You can also buy, find and do something else that I am not aware of to get items which range from humorous hats to show off to your friends, to curious crates which may hold something special within. I definately recommend this game to all you pyrotechnicians and assassins and everything in between because this will give you endless hours of fun.
this is the type of game that can make anyone addicted especially a low life like me gameplayin team fortress 2 you play as one of the 2 teams red or blue and choose beetween nine classes each having a specific role the speedy scout, the idiot soildier, the mysterious pyro, the drunken demoman, the russian badass slash cuttie patotie heavy, the layback egghead engineer, the helpfull though slightly crazy medic, the australian steriotype sniper, and  the fancy guy that looks more like he should belong in payday then he does in a game spy. you can collect weapons to dominate your oponents and HATS dont even get me started on hats theres a good reason as to why this game is also known as hat simulator there are so many hats that not having one is considered a sin no matter how good you are at the game if you have no hats or are running around wearing a gibus with pyrovision googles and a mecanery badge sorry BUT YOUR A NEWB you play in a majority of fairly straight foward matches and different match types control points, capture the flag, payload, king of the hill, doomsday, and the most unique being the rage inducing mann vs machiene this game is high on teamwork and your gonna get your ♥♥♥ kicked if you go in alone. it is also noticable that there are many mods that keep the pros around like the slender mod, the deathrun mod, and the jailbreak mod, even though g mod had all of these first this game will keep you playing for a very long time due to the constant updating of new material and bugs to play around with.characters each character is very different each other they all originated from different countrys besides the scout the soildeir and the engineer that resides in the U.S and they all brought theyre steriotypes with them and theyre atitudes and playstyles are so different its almost hard to beilieve that they get on... fairly well graphics this is not the type of game that consentrates on being beutiful but the cartoon violence itchy and scratchy type gore is in high enough definition to satisfy most people looking for gore and yes there is a difference beetwen cartoon gore and horror gore replayability yes definitly you play as one class you get bored of that class you go on to another class and once your bored of all the clases your ready to try the first class again and as i said before this game keeps on updating keeping valve quite busy maybe thats why half life 3 hasnt been anounced also there are so many mods so many different maps and so many non porpuseful tactics COUGH friendlyism i just cant stop if you want a game that is fun and will last you years before you have done everything and has you slowly clawing your way to the to the top and where you meet freinds/valuable trading partners go for it its free and is very cheap too go premium  gameplay 9/10graphics 7/10overall  8/10 play it!
Easy to learn, fun with 2-4 friends. Goes from simple to rediculous in 20 seconds.
Fun game definitely recommend
Really Fun Game That You Can Play For Hours On.
♥♥♥♥ing awsome :D
Planetside 2 is a fun game, if you don't have it you should get it but only if you computer fits the specs. I would recommnend this game to everyone!
So, I have enjoyed the game so far except for some bad bugs which pretty much made me ♥♥♥♥ out of my face. Randomly being killed by nothing is fine compared to spending hours building that damn log building and when finally finishing it doesn't actually build. I collected everything but I can still walk through it, can still see the white outline and I can see a spot where a missing log is mean't to be on the roof, but won't let me place it. 82 logs... 82 FREAKING LOGS IT TOOK!Other then that, I will recommend it for the most part. It is interesting, scary and all out amazing with its gameplay and graphics. The AI is brilliant and also its shaders just makes me cry in happiness. AMAZING GAME. GET IT.Plus they said COOP may be coming so yeah... ignore any bugs really as it is in alpha, and just play and help the devs perfect it. PLUS COOP AS I SAID BEFORE... HOLY ♥♥♥♥, I KNOW HOW HARD IT IS TO MAKE SOMETHING MULTIPLAYER AS I HAVE HAD AN EXPERIENCE WITH THAT BUT I DON'T CARE HOW LONG IT TAKES YOU GUYS... DO IT. YOU HAVE THE MONEY NOW, COMMUNITY AND SUPPORT. 8/10 (would be 10, but some bugs really ruin experience)
10/10
Haven't been this disapointed since the movie 'Never ending story'.  Can think of better ways to spend $60.  Game looks nice but just google Rainbow 6 problems.  Multiplayer is a joke.
Brief: Gameplay: 8/10, Graphics: 8/10, Sound: 8/10 Replayability 5/10.In depth:As far as simulators go, this is a very good one. Graphics are great especially the wireframe view, and the controls are fairly easy and intuitive. Sounds are pretty good also especially the main menu soundtrack. Going through career mode is enjoyable but I can\'t imagine myself playing it again for quite a while.As far as gameplay goes, it looks to be aimed at a fairly beginner mechanic to a hobbyist. If you know how to strip an engine down and rebuild it I probably wouldn\'t recommend it. I know the main concepts of how all the parts of an engine work, however I still learnt a bit from this game, and it is still keeping me entertained. There is a few annoying things (like having to remove the airpipe, then 4 bolts and the airflow meter, then another 4 bolts for the air filter cover, before being able to see the air filter) but this is minor.It starts off where all the engines are 4 cylinder front wheel drives, then after about 15 or so missions it slowly introduces you to more (4x4\'s, 6 cylinders) and it starts from basic problems "replace my brake pads" to "my boss told me to bring the car to you but i have no idea what you need to fix" type jobs. After playing about 40 missions, I\'m still enjoying the game (especially the dyno-tuning mini-game) and i really hope they bring out a more detailed and more complex version next year. I\'ll definately buy it. I would like to see the ability to "hear" and "feel" problems (ie: when driving around the test track) or being able to negotiate my own price with the customer (maybe ringing them up halfway through a job saying "this is also broken, want it fixed?" or "i can do this cheaper if i use 2nd hand parts". I would also like to see more types of engines (maybe trucks, rear-mounted engines, motorbikes).All in all, its a good game, and i\'m stopping this review now so i can go and play it more...
9/10.......ready ;-;
This game is a game you know
-Saw Fallout 4 Was Coming Out-Boarded Hype Train-Bought New Vegas-Played 400 hours + mods-Bought Fallout 4-Played only 100 hours of Fallout-Came Back To New Vegas
most trippy game i've ever played. worth getting
Best game EVER! Give devs more moneyz. I want my TESVI.
it has its issues with match making and p2w sometimes, but for a free game Ive put over 300hrs into, its really good.
it has its issues with match making and p2w sometimes, but for a free game Ive put over 300hrs into, its really good.
Apesa de ser um jogo aparentemente simples, sua jogabilidade e otima, sem falar de seus elementos dentro de jogo como, poderes, e a propria competitividade. Jogo muito bom para se jogar com amigos. Vale apena ajudar no desenvolvimento desse jogo.
an entertaining game which is fun to play with friends, people online or just mess alone in the sandbox. recommended to just mess around with people, if you play it offline...well...good luck.
Its the Best GAME EVER!! its so realistic and if you love minecraft you will love this even more :D
Good
Not a bad game. Especially if u take the fact it's alpha. And made just by a 16 year old. gg good game 8/10
This game is so fun i could play this everyday spawn something play on some severs play with my freind love it ive been waiting  to get this game and now i  have i recommend this game to all gamers:).
Much MLG... Much WOW... Much Revolvo... Much Pew Pew... Much Awp... Much Auto Sniper... Much Bizon... Much MG... Much Silver... Much Nova... Much Global... Much Deagle... Much Esports... Much Friends... Much Gaben... Much P90... Much Scout... Much Much... Much Doge... Much VAC... Much Toxic... Much CT... Much T... Much Knifez... Much Skillz... Much Skins... Much Gamble... Much Troll... Much noob... Much Tournament... Much Casual... Much Armz Race... Much Deathmatch... Much Competetive... Much Haxor... Much Peasant... Much Keys... Much Zeus... Much Cases.... Much $$... Much Smurf... Much Boost Meister... Much Meister... Much Ace... Much Pistol... Much SMG... Much Rifles... Much armour... Much Heavy... Much carry... Much teamflash... Much teamkill... Much Killsteal... Much aim... Much Practice... Much Valve... Much Tutorials... Much KennyS... Much Happy... Much Apex... Much olofmeister... Much Jeff... Much memes... Much Dank Memes... Much Scream... Much JW... Much Ranks... Much Rankup... Much Derank... Much AFK... Much timeout... Much Poor... Much Rich... Much NoScope... Much 360 Noscope Headshot... Much Headshot... Much Dragonlore... Much Assifmov... Much What are those... Much Mic Spammer... Much Comp ban... ANNNDDDD... Much VALVE!
Bored and want to make something outrageous??? This game is just for you.
this free game rule
I'll be brief.Fallout: New Vegas is the sucessor to 'Fallout 3' and puts the player inthe shoes of a courier within the Mojave Desert where civilizaiton is trying to rebuild after the events of a global nuclear war that resulted in the devestaiton of nearly everything not beneath the surface of the Earth. The game's atmosphere is stunning, more so if you have not yet expeirenced  fantastic 'Fallout 3'. The Mojave Desert if filled with countless NPS's, each with their unique personalities that brings the game to life and creates an immersive experience. Fallout: New Vegas is also rife with information that can be found by  in many ways, incluing uncovering the secrets of the game's characters, finding hidden notes, journal entries, or by hacking into computer terminals. Fallout: New Vegas' main quest line is relatively forgettable, but that's just a minor setback in the wake of the game's countless side quests that will keep the player intersted for potentially hundreds of hours. And that's not to mention the Fallout: New Vegas' six addons, which have become very affordable since the game's release. The conents of the DLC packs varies from additoinal weaponry and incredible stories than can be compelted in parallel to the game's vanilla main  quest.Overall, I highly recommend Fallout: New Vegas as it is the most complete and compelling 'Fallout' title to date, packed with content and astounding value for money that will entertain the player indefinitely.
เป็นเกมที่เล่นเพลินมากเเนวเอาตัวรอดจากzombie rpg สนุกมากกกก เอาเป็นว่าไปเล่นกันเลยดีกว่า free to play ด้วยUnturned is very Fun game 
♥♥♥♥. ♥♥♥♥. Its a alright game multiplayrr is eh sp is eh too
Best F2P RTS ever no micro transactions so thats lit uhm build your own ships thats lit mmm campaign is challenging thats lit PVP is on fleek could have bigger matches but its still lit af fam
"Starbound" is a relatively easy to learn, Terraria / Minecraft styled, 2D side, building game. If you\'re a fan of either of these titles, then this should definitely be on your list.Unlike Terraria or Minecraft however, it feels more like a game that has a plot and creates a desire to continue and develop that is otherwise absent in the previously mentioned titles. Minecraft (Vanilla) for instance, has it\'s good points (it\'s huge Modification base being a big plus), but it\'s lack of tutorial and strong desire to complete the game lead many players into the deadly cycle of explore, build impenetrable fortress, get bored, explore...Starbound is not without flaw however. It\'s still very much in development, so ignoring bugs and graphics issues, there is a huge level of potential for this title. With an engaging and well thought out game base, you are able to explore and progress smoothly. Simple old styled graphics, with coding for a more recent era of Sandbox styled games. For now, the bugs and glitches make it difficult to truly appreciate this game, but, once many coding has been sorted out and finalized ... Starbound looks to be a very impressive experience.PROS: Easy to learn. Huge degree of customization. Character creation. Fantastic soundtrack. Randomly generated landscapes and Mobs. Expansive environment (both is space and on-planet) Co-operative and PVP Multiplayer. Upgradeable Character CONS: Frame rate issues, highly buggy on some PC\'s, and programming conflicts (Development). Certain areas are too easy, some are too hard (Balance). Some bosses become a "find the exploit\' battle. Drag and drop inventory can be frustrating.OVERALL: 7 / 10 (Based on current version)
Garry's Mod is one of my favourite games. It is a lot of fun and also alot of rage depending on the gamemode. I reccommend this game to everyone!
its hard me to make a movie D':
MY GOD I CANT STOP PLAYING
focking hell
Awesome game, awesome story and awesome visuals. Although the acheivments stop working halfway through the game :(but it doesnt matter still well worth the money
The Farming never endsNever
10/10 Game, Can't use my user name because;[gg] is prohibited word.
This game always amazes me everytime I play this because this is by far the best WW2 shooter I have ever played I recommend this to players who like their WW2 games!
A game thay makes no sense but making thing is the glory of it and messing aroud dont get me started 10/10
Cavern Kings is the most addictive game I've played all year!It is an amazing fast-paced rogue-like esque game with elements inspired by games such as Risk of Rain and Super Crate Box. Now is a great time to pick it up (23/12/14 at time of review) as its 10% of until early Jan, online multiplayer is on its way! Grab it early and get a few practice games to be sure you're ahead of the curve! Missed the sale? No matter, at $10 this game is a steal with endless hours of randomly generated fun and frequent updates from its extremely active and social developer.
Terrific game when your playing with friends
This game is good Period.
This game has to be 2nd on my list of favourite games. I reallly enjoy playing this game with friends. There are many gamemodes in gmod that make this game really fun. DarkRp is a really good gamemode with your mates.
i foundddddd a bug
So much fun just doing custom battles and the story is amazing. Worth $20
Very entertaing although some may find it hard to come back to, due to the lack of assets in the game (ALPHA!!!).Reasonably frequent patching has been adding new elements to the game that make you come back for more.I haven't played any other survivor sims, so as far as I am concerned, this one is the best!
gostei mt
Great fun with randoms. Even more fun with friends! I recomend this game to anyone that is a fan of survival games or has friends looking for a game to get stuck into.
"input not supported error" can\'t get it to run in at 1080, and now can\'t change the resolution to anything that works. have tried -safe and -autoconfig and -w #
its alright
got spooked by a twig8/9 would get heart attack again
Dragon is to OP
Buy this game, you'll spend all your money on it!
(Y)
ok,So I've been able to find the games, and it's now one of my main streaming game on my stream at the moment. The game is fun to play. However, some mechanicals still need to work on the game, here is oneBleeding to death seem like a penalty to the survivor rather than the killer because on some games, I've been left like that by the killer because I've removed all the hooks (except the dungeon ofcourse) and there is no way he can't hang me up. So he let me bleed, and I didn't earn any score from that. I think if the killer let the survivor bleed to death, they should be penalised to lose points.Aside from that, more variety in game mode would be fun also. A good game to play, as I recommend if you wanna buy it :)
gudgame
สนุกฟุดๆ
I love this game so much the devs are active and get involved with the community
may or may not have bought this JUST for the iron curtin....
best game ever other than fallout nw vegas
From enemies that dodge EVERYTHING I threw at them to the massive number of critical hits they inflict, and the fact that they almost always seem to go first, and the number of times they 'surprised' me putting my party out of order. Rogue Likes are, by their nature, difficult but this is just impossible. You want me to play this again, fix the random number generators so that the game is playable.Character skills are pointless, which defeats the purpose of having them in the first place. If your going to rely purely on a random number generator then just sell that, don't dress it up with pointless character skills.
I CANNOT LIVE WITHOUT THIS GAME
Wow Much sandbox so awesome #grrysmd
If you have patience, this game is great. It's fun to just go onto it every now and again. They add events to add unique content but I recommend it. Easily the best idle game out there, if you prefer an idle game with a bit more action get  clicker heros.
One of the best games
I got $65 worth of stuff for only $6 and I still feel ripped off.
it ok
♥♥♥♥ this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing game ♥♥♥♥ all the puzzles and ♥♥♥♥ you hands of time you useless boring and hard stupid ♥♥♥♥ing piece of ♥♥♥♥
I miss it I got rid of it! :(
 Factorio is a wonderful game. The object of the game is to build and manage your base/resources. If your interested in a relaxed fun gameplay I'd recommend this game for you. Factorio also has a Multiplayer aspect to it which really spices it up. When you do get bored of it you can always add mods to improve it some more. I played this before it was on steam that's why I only have 1.8 hours on it.
Good
The best type of cancer
fun game :D
Amazing game great fights amazing moments highly recomend it
Very Fun, Is Only Alpha, But Still Amazing!Great Value for Money
good fun, buildin up youre empire. lotta tactics involved eh.
This game is good for people like my self who love: building ships surviving crashing testing things makeing stuff all in space if you like all that this is the game for you. Plus its a sandbox game so let your imigination take over.
This is a pretty good game... or interactive trailer, any way nice for an early access game has some lighting issues and whats with the meteor makers? but still.. pretty good
Great character development and beautiful storyline. The ending made me cry. 10/10
Got excited to replace normal mmr with compendium, still 2.8k. Thx Gaben
gg ว่างๆมาเล่นกันได้น่ะ
What could be better? A copy of Ride To Hell: RetrobutionProsGraphicsprovides Ideas of what to do in a zombie apocalipse ConsThe glitchiest game on steamNo Fast TravelYou will ALWAYS Die, and then it takes 7 years to respawn and then when you do, your eliminated by a zombie version of Goku or you're shot to ♥♥♥♥A game glamorized by youtubers and then it ♥♥♥♥♥ in your facecharacter customization give you nothingeats $30 of your profitPeople Kill you because they're ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥sImpossible to find ♥♥♥♥Dayz fans: Nobody cares if you want to rip my throught out, so don't botherAny Normal Human Being: DO NOT CLICK ADD TO CARTI appologise...             ...for bad Grammar
One of the best games on steam
F*&%in awesome game one of my childhoods if that's even legal...
I have enjoyed ark since it was first released but unfortunately there has been recent buzz about a new update which includes payed dlc for the early access game. A lot of people are giving hate to this dlc release as the argument goes 'its an early access game, why would you release dlc'. I know this is an extremely bold move and I agree with the argument other people are making, but I believe that this dlc actually looks promising based at looking at the trailer. So do I think the dlc is bad? No,Do I think that it was stupid to release the dlc in this stage of development? Yes
awesome game my number one go to steam game
Fun 
A zombie stood there for 10 minutes attacking the air.10/10
¿Has esperado este juego por casi cuatro años? JUEGELO AHORA POR 2 HORAS Y DEJELO!
Personally I found this the most boring and dumbest games ive everyplayed with constant boring-ness and dumbness-nessTo sum my review this game sucks....alot1\\10 - To much water
Jesus, this game has it all.First of all, this is one of only a handful of shooters that offers proper competetive gameplay for people who dont want to make a team and sign up to a website and all that.Second, this game is not pay to win. You can still spend money, but it all goes to cosmetics, so the only factor that differs between players is their skill level.Just a quick thing, the community. The community in csgo is massive, and of course it has its ups and downs. All communities have toxic players, hackers, scammers etc, as well as helpers and friendly players. But the one thing that strikes me about this game, is that the devs gave it to us, and we figured it out from there. We discovered bhopping, trading techniques and heaps of other stuff, and that is what really strikes me about this game, its that we as a community, figured this game out for ourselves, and even found some things that the devs didnt.Third, the skins. Now personally I dont see why you would spend hundreds of dollars on an item with no beneficial value whatsoever, but thats just me. But apart from that, the skins are actually a way of making money if you know how to trade. You can go from bloody 4 cent skins to a 100 dollar knife without spending a single cent on the way! (P.S never open cases, they are a complete waste of time and money).If you can get past the toxic players, the hackers, the smurfs, the scammers, the glitches and the plenty of other issues in the game, its a blast.Good luck!
Um jogo muito bom, otima historia, Bastante hardcore!
Team Fortress 2 is a very fun and fast-paced game. It is different from COD I hear and it may take a while to get used to but it is definitely worth it.What I liked is the classes in generally and their funny personalities.Each class is different in such a way, it's hard to see how they work together so soundly.What I don't like about This game however, is the players. Actual people. Some people can be really nasty and mean. It is rare to find nice people and many of those mean people have the same people; Noobs wearing gibus shouldn't be playing... Fortunately, I'm not a 'gibus noob'.Also, the fact that people don't know how to play the game properly doesn't really help your chances of success.There is a training course but that doesn't teach much. Just how to play to classes. Not how to play a gamemode, the value of teamwork and it doesn't give any tips.But above all that, Team Fortress 2 was, and is a great game that should be played with friends.And it's free.FOREVER!!!!
fun game whoever see`s this you should buy it cool skins very hard thing that i dont like creeps are on lol
Connection lost / 10.
i love ut 
This game has gotten worse each update. The new weapons are nice but there is no tech tree, no RP. The whole game is now based around luck and how good your team is. You can do the very best and get the very best crate only to find a lump of dirt inside. You are not rewarded fairly and I think that you should make a seperate version of the game or update it back to the good old days. This is a fun game and worth playing but it can be and was alot better.
One of the most amazing and moving experiences I've had in a game in years.
Very fun and interesting game. Can't wait for episode 2 to come out.
Good guy overkill fixing their game since update 100
This game is my life!! 11/10 Would play.
EPIC! BEST MMORPG I HAVE EVER PLAYEDI RECOMMEND GETTING THIS
rip cuz
Most enjoyable FPS in the last 5 years. Bolt action rifles have been a big love of mine since the old COD2, and in VERDUN they are the weapon to master if you want to succeed. If you are looking for a spray and pray, this is not it. It has enjoyable game modes and a brilliant COOP XP system. So why should you buy this game?1 - Rewarding game mode. The main game mode of Verdun is trench warfare. You have a set amount of time to try and take the enemies trench. If you kill enough of them you get bonus time to do this. If you have someone in the trench and your time runs out it goes into overtime. If you have more of your team in the trench than the enemy you start capping it, if you clear the enemy out, its yours. You then have to defend it from their counter attack, and if successful have a new trench to cap, thus changing the map you are playing on. A game is won by how many times you capture the enemies trench. I have seen many games go 0-0 as this is not easy. This produces a sense of significance when you do capture the trench. You feel like your team has actually accomplished something more than just killing all the members on the other team. The 0-0 matches are still highly enjoyable as you always come so close to capturing the enemies trench, and furthermore it is rather true to the nature of WW1 combat. 2 - Coop XP. We now live in the gaming world of FPS XP. This was great when it first came to be, but has since grown stale and rather broken, as those with more XP tend to have access to better equipment. Unlocking equipment is simple in Verdun, and you start with a bank of unlocks which you can choose to spend wherever you see fit. So you start the game able to compete fairly from the start. What is interesting is the XP you earn for your squad by working together with teammates. You have coop xp with those you play with, which levels up your squad, which unlocks minor perks, such as military uniforms from 1918, which look remarkably more badass than the 1914 ones. This provides good incentives for teamwork, but high level squads are rare and the perks small so as to not break the game at all.3 - Enjoyable Weapons. The AK47 and M16 are all fun and good. But they require little skill in a FPS compared to the bolt action rifles of old. If you want the feel of a game that actually rewards your accuracy and speed, this is it.10/10 - Best FPS in 5 years, no doubt.
This game is all about the skins, I pray to Gaben every night in hopes of getting a good skin.It never works though.8/10 would get skins again
I used to love this game, I really did.It was fresh and interesting but then DLC after DLC came out slowly making the previous content obsolete and the DLC isn\'t exactly cheap either. OVERKILL said at the very start "We\'ve made it clear that PAYDAY 2 will have no micro-transactions whatsoever (shame on you if you thought otherwise!)"  Guess what?! On the 15/10/15 microtransactions have been added to the game... Skins for guns with stats tied to them to make it even more pay to win in a PvE game!? Absolutely ludicrous. They\'re milking the game for as much cash as they can and it\'s really disappointing. I hate to say it but I regret supporting this game with all the DLC I\'ve bought.
Well worth the money, have spent many hours on it, purchased all the DLC and at the this rate will purchase the rest.Considering it's $10 for the movies and that is 2 hours, I think my $60 for 200 hours is pretty good.
Great game good for thinking and stratergy but is a work in progress
GOD, I JUST LOVE ITEM RUNNERS ONE OF THE MOST AGONISIING, ARTERY POPPING, RAGE INDUCING GAMES I HAVE EVER HAD THE HELLISH EXPERIENCE OF PLAYING. IF YOU DONT LIKE CAUSING HEART ATTACKS TO YOUR OPPONENTS BY GRAPPLING THEM FROM ACROSS THE MAP WELP THIS AIN'T THE GAME FOR YOU. AND THE FANBASE OHHH THE FANBASE IT CONSISTS OF, WAIT FOR IT......NOBODY. THERE ARE ABOUT 3 MABYE 4 PEOPLE PLAYING THIS AT ONE TIME AROUND THE WORLD. SO WHY DO I KEEP ON PLAYING IT? I DON'T REALLY KNOW.
I love this game their are many mods for it and i have played it a lot.
this game is so awsome
This is a ♥♥♥♥en awesome game 10/10.
Rockstar have made a very ♥♥♥♥ move and decided to 'update' the game by removing a selection of great songs and by just ruining the game, save your money and buy a physical copy of the game on ebay.
Ik i only have 10.2 hours into it, but thats because i played this game on PS3 mostly, until i bought this on pc.The main menu song isnt Into Free like on console. Have to make it Into Free with a mod.... >:(Well this is PC so you can download the mod and you should. Heres the link for all you that want the main menu song to be Into Free like old times. Ik its reddit but just click the links https://www.reddit.com/r/DragonsDogma/comments/40jspv/into_free_title_screen_mod/Also this game is god damn amazing.Have fun with your amazing game and amazing music with this mod.
very nice
its an incredible competetive game, the gameplay is nostalgic and amazing itself! i hhighly recommend it for those who are looking for a challenge (y)
when you're bearing down on a 120 degree angle towards the enemy squadron of spitfires in your Focke-Wulf 190 A-5 and music is blaring in your ears, that one moment of euphoria calms you down as you crash ever so peacefully due to your actions and stupidity.
muy bueno el juego
If you want to gib people with rockets while jumping through the air with a hat that is burning on your head, then this is probably the game for you. If you hate ducks, unicorns, balloons and Pyros, then this is probably not the game for you.<3 Norway
THIS GAME IS REALLY FUN AND CHALENGING BUT IF YOU HAVE A HISTORY OF RAGING ALOT YOU SURE WILL RAGE ALOT WITH THIS GAME
Complete the following steps1.Get terrible game2.Marvel at the amazing soundtrack3.Buy it for 29c 4.Sell the trading cards 5.Make your money back6.Get music from file9.Summon the dark lord C'thulu33.Drink goats blood46.Give the red crystal to the bartender to recieve 'The Golem's Hands'74.Take the wax lips from the yak100.Make an iron pickaxe101.Mine Redstone Ore111.Tell your true love how you really feel about her using the 100 red balloons322.Combine the comb with the bootlace to make a grappeling hook666.When you have all four keys head to the centre of the board and pick up the first card from the deck, if it is not your worst nightmare press the stop button on the VCR.667.WIN!tl;drFREE MUSIC
great game challenging but fun
A Got to Have Game! PLAY OR DIE
─█────█─█──█────█────█────█─█──█─█────█─█▀▀█────█─▄▄─█────█─█──█─▀▄▄▄▄▀─█──█────▀▄▄█─▀▄▄▄▄▀─█▄▄▀─────────▄██████▀▀▀▀▀▀▄─────▄█████████▄───────▀▀▄▄──▄█████████████───────────▀▀▄▄██████████████─▄▀───▀▄─▀▄▄▄──▀▄███████████████──▄▀─▀▄▄▄▄▄▄────██████████████████▀█──▄█▄▄▄──────████████████──█▀█──▀▄─█─█─█───────█████████████████───▀█─▀██▄▄──────██████████████████──▄─▀█▄─────▄───██████████████████▀███▀▀─▀▄────█──█████████████████──────────█──▄▀──█████████████████▄▀▀▀▀▀▀▄──█──────█████████████████▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▄──█──────█▀████████████████▀▀▀▀▀▀──────────█──███████████████▀▀─────█──────▄▀──▀█████████████────────█────▄▀────▀████████████▄───▄▄█▀─▄█▀──────▀████████████▀▀▀──▄███──────████████████████████─█─────████████████████████──█────████████████████████───█────██████████████████─────█────██████████████████─────█────██████████████████─────█────██████████████████─────█────██████████████████▄▄▄▄▄█─────────────█─────█─█──█─█───█─────────────█─────█─█──█─▀█─█▀─────────────█─▄█▄─█─█▀▀█──▀█▀─────────────██▀─▀██─█──█───█
sick!!
???????????????
─█────█─█──█────█────█────█─█──█─█────█─█▀▀█────█─▄▄─█────█─█──█─▀▄▄▄▄▀─█──█────▀▄▄█─▀▄▄▄▄▀─█▄▄▀─────────▄██████▀▀▀▀▀▀▄─────▄█████████▄───────▀▀▄▄──▄█████████████───────────▀▀▄▄██████████████─▄▀───▀▄─▀▄▄▄──▀▄███████████████──▄▀─▀▄▄▄▄▄▄────██████████████████▀█──▄█▄▄▄──────████████████──█▀█──▀▄─█─█─█───────█████████████████───▀█─▀██▄▄──────██████████████████──▄─▀█▄─────▄───██████████████████▀███▀▀─▀▄────█──█████████████████──────────█──▄▀──█████████████████▄▀▀▀▀▀▀▄──█──────█████████████████▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▄──█──────█▀████████████████▀▀▀▀▀▀──────────█──███████████████▀▀─────█──────▄▀──▀█████████████────────█────▄▀────▀████████████▄───▄▄█▀─▄█▀──────▀████████████▀▀▀──▄███──────████████████████████─█─────████████████████████──█────████████████████████───█────██████████████████─────█────██████████████████─────█────██████████████████─────█────██████████████████─────█────██████████████████▄▄▄▄▄█─────────────█─────█─█──█─█───█─────────────█─────█─█──█─▀█─█▀─────────────█─▄█▄─█─█▀▀█──▀█▀─────────────██▀─▀██─█──█───█
sick!!
???????????????
Great game! Recommended!
Fun and crazy! Great game!
great game play, loved it.
Make Ghost Dateable, 10/10
Drink it up.
great game. dealing drugs, making drugs, getting money for drugs.     did i mention there is drugs. seriously get it its real fun
great game, but lacks secret cow level
has text to speech, instant 10/10 would recommend
exelente juego!!
Brilliant game even for an alpha stage. Definitely recommend such an awesome game that you will enjoy, if the cannibals don't get to you first! The graphics are amazing and thats what makes the game what it is.
Great game for...Well just fun!
if you have half life 2 this is a mod to it its just a fun zombie survival game its a bit old but still fun
it's ok
I don't get it. That was the whole game?Worth $3 maybe, if you can survive the horrible camera while underwater.
It's difficult at first.
Christof told me to rate this benchmark because it is do
i really like the game but there are a few things that need improvment such as the optimization and the fps, also the rate your food drops (not so much the water) but i found after i killed a few dodo's i was fine.also maybe try to make the agro range on the raptors a little less because if one spots you HOOOOOLLY crap yor goinna want to run.but all and all its not to shabby and there are a few bugs but its only in early access so i cant wait to see what changes are to come :D
Great game, loads of fun to play. If you don't like. don't play it, it's free
Fun, strategy is essential in this game. More Players = Co-op EPICNESS!!!!!!!!!!!
Dota 2 > LoLRead the comment for a more indepth review.
haha i can understand why its free, i didn't enjoy it :)
From watching five of your fellow teammates be ripped to shreds beside you as you push forward, your aim staggering as you hear that cling, your M1 Garand firing it's eighth round to your MP40 clicking as it's final round of it's 32 bullet clip smashes through the head of an American. This game has that old classic fps feel to it, each man making a difference and it's so satisfying when all your team's individual actions match up, the tanks rolling forward with infantry support and air cover, light vehicles letting Infantry to keep up as they take the points. I love playing this game, although it's pay to win nature tends to be quite a turn off but nothing like the feeling of finally unlocking that weapon you have been saving up for.
i am glad i goat it
This is a realistic shooter. possibly the most realistic shooter on steam. If you enjoy playing games with tactical depth, like Arma for instance, then you'll most likely enjoy this game. Hell, even if you hate realistic shooters, you'll probably enjoy this anyway; it manages to be realistic and fun to play simultaneously. Well, for me at least. Some things you'll need to know about the game if you're interested:There is NO crosshair, none, at any time. You have sights for a reason.two to three bullets will kill you. none of that bulllet sponge business.C-4 and RPGs have a MASSIVE blast radius. You can equip your weapons with different sights, ammo types, lasersights/flashlights, etc.There's Co-op AND Pvp. Mods are always being made, but cannot be used in multiplayer, for balancing reasons.It's easy to learn and control, unlike quite a lot of tactical games.You can still play, and enjoy, the game without getting a squad and planning everything. i've had just as much fun Runnin' and gunnin'I definitely recommend this game to anyone who enjoys teamplay, RPGs that make you ♥♥♥♥ yourself, PTSD from that one time you where trapped behind a piece of concrete whilst a trigger happy insurgent rains lead hell down on you with the fury of a god and the best WW2 mod i've ever played. (It's called Day of Infamy, which is also a standalone now)Also, praise RPGesus! 
Bom jogo, você consegue se divertir bem com ele, mas pena que depois de um certo tempo, passa a ser um pouco enjoativo :/
God Game :D
Beast game! Would play everyday =D
Car Crash Simulator, Beaten only by Beam NG, This is quite a fun game, though the songs do get repetetive
10/10 Game, Easy to learn and a real addictive and fun experience.
Muito bom lembra os tempos de super smash , otima jogabilidade e é realmente free to play não é akele pay to win !!
add a geo prizm 1995 in to the game plz but it is a good game but it does not have a lot of mods
Surprisingly small community but good game overall
FREAKIN AWESOME
swag
If you ignore the weapon skins and stat boost then this is a fun game to play.(DLCs is a must buy.Buy those when its on sale.)
After Playing the Genecide Run, I cry errytime I think bout dis game D:
Boring, dry landscape and terrible graphics. I don\'t care if you can "fix that with mods" you get what you buy.
the BEST GAME EVER
Average Type of Free to play game
Really good puzzle game.Pretty fun co-op.
**This review is based on the base game**A great grand strategy game from Paradox.  The first in their 4 strategy series, this game is set in the medieval period, streching from Ireland to India and Iceland to Mali.  The base game ranges from 1066 (norman invasion) - 1453 (fall of constantinople).  In CKII you try to continue dynasty - trying to make it the most prestigous in Europe!  The game is centered around your dynasty and succession.  If your heir is not of your dynasty, it's game over.You start as a count/earl, duke, king or emporer controlling one of the counties, duchies, kingdoms or empires on the map.  Without any DLCs, you can only be a christian ruler and not a merchant rebublic.  You cannot be a theology (pope/bishop).  The game also features baronies, cities and bishoprics but that cannot be your primary title.  As a ruler you manage vassals (rulers below you) and try to please - or overthrow - your leige (ruler above you).  The feudal ranking is as below (above = liege; below = vassal): - Emporer - King - Duke - Baron/Bishop/MayorYou can be a liege to someone below you, but not equal or above you.  Your vassals are only below you - not equal to you.A Catholic (usually) follows the pope, and the pope can orders crusades.  The crusades can be based on real historical crusades (such as many of the ones for Jerusalem) and crusades to rid infidels/heritics.  Any catholic ruler can join a crusade, and the winner of the crusade is defined by how much they contributed to the crusade.  Winning the crusade will sometimes grant the winner all titles (including baronies).Each character has traits.  Your traits affect peoples opinion of you and your diplomacy, martial, stewardship, intriuge and learning level.  Traits will be passed on by the guardian of a child and by events occuring to an adult (16+).  Few traits will be passed on through birth (such as genius) but there is only a small chance.One of the games biggest features is Casus Beli (CB).  A CB is a justificaiton for war - something you need to attack a ruler of your own faith. CBs can range from De Jure claims to Overthrow ruler.  A claim is just that - you or one of your courtiers is related to the ruler of the title you want.  Whether that relation is a blood relation, or through marriage it doesn't matter.  The independence or overthrow ruler CBs are against you liege, and are self explanetory.  Holy wars can be declared on heretics/infidels.  Another type of claim is the de jure claim.De jure is where is the title is traditionally in that duchy/kingdom/empire.  For example, the duchy of cornwall is de jure Wales, but is owned by England.  It takes 100 years for de jure to change, and it will only change if you have the whole duchy.CKII is an excellent strategy game - if you have the patience.  It can be quite frustrating at times, and will boggle your mind with all the confusing succession laws.  This game is a great mix of plotting, pleasing and prisoning, not to mention declaring all of that war.  With over $100 worth of DLC, there is a huge base for expansion and the game also has a big modding community.9/10
An enjoyable game, with engaging graphics andonline play.....  Each round is enjoyable and at this stage there doesn't appear to be too many hackers playing,,,,Upgrades and improvements to weapons keep the player with a level of upskill and engages  you further ...A good free to play game....
A game that you can play for hours without getting bored. The music and graphics are amazing, the races and their racial armour/weapons are amazing. This game is amazing.
Top FPS !!!
"Not all doors are open to you!" - ♥♥♥♥♥ rock with the too real life lessons 10/10
Waits 20 minutes to join a server. Game crashes.10/10 would ride dinosaurs again.
Emily is a ♥♥♥♥♥, she is acting nice and ♥♥♥♥ but she is a ♥♥♥♥♥.
CSGO is a really good game . The only thing that ruins it for the mac users are the crashes. Csgo will update something then it will just break it for us mac users . Please do test updates on Both PC and Mac .
This is a great game even though it is an Early Access game. I played an 8 hour long session yesturday and i had alot of fun in those 8 hours, but there a few things that should be fix and improved.-The first thing is that sometimes when i go out on the yellow raft it will de-spawn, then re-spawn then de-spawn etc..-The second thing is that there are not enough rocks... i feel like that the large rocks on an island should be able to be mined with a pickaxe or someother tool for rocks if you could add that into this game it would make it an even better game.-And my last point is that you should be able to make a bigger inventory -EG- by making a craftable backpack? or being able to find one in reckage, i do not know if there is an item to make a bigger back pack but if there isnt there is an idea for you. Even though this game is still in Early Access its still a great game 9/10 its worth the $15,00 i would buy it again.
tf2 is so addicting suprising and free :P
Absolutely one of the greatest games I have ever played. If you are looking for a realistic WW1 trench warfare game, this is the one for you. Simplistic yet challenging, it throws you into the game and tells you to push or defend. After about 2 hours, you know where to go, how to go about it, and what will get you shot, and what will get you kills. It's a game of ordered chaos. Plus, I got a 10 killstreak sniping, using a dead horse as cover. Doesn't get much better than that!
Absolutely one of the greatest games I have ever played. If you are looking for a realistic WW1 trench warfare game, this is the one for you. Simplistic yet challenging, it throws you into the game and tells you to push or defend. After about 2 hours, you know where to go, how to go about it, and what will get you shot, and what will get you kills. It's a game of ordered chaos. Plus, I got a 10 killstreak sniping, using a dead horse as cover. Doesn't get much better than that!
this game is awesome and fun
Muy buen juego , la ambientacion y la musica combina perfectamente con el juego , aunque con un final muy triste ... / Very good game, the ambience and the music blends perfectly with the game , although with a very sad ending ...
It more be like a Shooting and Survival game but i Like It :)
this game is alright but eventually it gets pretty boring
Rust may be the worst game of all time. This game is a mix of >insert name of generic survival game here< and the community of a large african tribe in which the members disagree with the others religious beliefs. When you launch the game and see "alpha 1000" you will understand why this game is terrible.
Played game, got injured, asked how to use bandages, wouldn't work, got scared by friend and hit him, he killed me because I hit him once on accident. 10/10 would not kill 1 zombie again
Very goodVery niceI like itI like it a lot
a free game with mechs? awsome!HAWKEN is one of those games you find, mechs in it? cool! but when you start to play it you will be greated with the sight of pure, fantastic visuals and fred, fred is the name of your first mech, as soon as you start to play you will start to go through the ranks earning many valuable and weird items along the way, this game deserves to be not only on steam, but many other sites aswell. it may take some time to get into but when you do, you will love it, 6 multiplayer modes, 1 mode to explore maps, and 2 co-op modes, bot survival and co-op battles, the game has plenty to offer and will likely become a game nearly as popular as team fortress 2. this game deserves to be played, try it out you might just find yourself in a armour plaited, flak cannon and rocket launcher mech, you never know till you try.
Quite a good game but it gets boring and i would like a refund
stop reading the negative reviews.
love it
If You Love your strategy / Turn Based type of games .. then XCOM is for you , Loved every minute of it and it really challenges you . If you are a fan of the series then you will definently enjoy it and even new comers will have a blast with this game . The best part of it is that it is replayable and you can always try new things out the next time around .. i no i did since i made a few mistakes when i first started . So if you got the cash go out and buy this 9/10 for me
Battle block theater is a good game
I play Dota 2 Because this is my Hobbit I play Dota Since im 3rd Grade
amazing game almost perfect balance of dungeon crawler and miner/builder.has the potential to be as good as or better than terraria(i have terraria)
I have had this like since it came out and all I can say is BUY IT!!!!!
IMHO: The original Soldier Front was and is alot better then Soldier Front 2 and i know im going to get alot of hate for saying that but honestly, Alot better Menu and navigation around the menu, Alot less money hungry, More Gamemode's, Better Maps, Much less twelve year old's....
Killing Floor has been my go-to team survival game for years. Aside from having regular events and crazy amounts of achievements to unlock, there's a quirky rawness to the game that appeals.If you like surviving waves of harder and harder enemies through skill and teamwork then give this a shot - you won't be disappointed.
ya love this game
Solid 18 minutes of gameplay.
I would be more likely to grate my head against a grater and eat the pieces then play this again. Controls just aren't responsive enough
LONG, but good, The ending #5 touched my heart ;-;
Just amazing as hell. feels like i own NASA :D
Rocket League is a video game. It contains cars, rockets, and football (soccer for you Americans). These elements come to together to create a chaotic and yet surprisingly both mechanically and strategically deep game that is full of tense moments. Super stable performance, tight controls, and vibrant, clear visuals come together to create a great gaming experience from start to finish. The game does have some failings however. Chief among these is the fact that even in the so-called ranked queue it is possible to leave matches with no penalty other than the expected decrement on rating from losing. This leads to numerous situations in which one person will leave after a single goal and cause their team to lose an otherwise close game. Additionally, it is possible for games to begin with an uneven number of people, even in ranked queue. Further, it seems that matchmaking an inexplicably break at times, forcing you to restart your search for a match. Minor gripes at best, but worth considering. Should you buy this game? Do you like fun? How about puppies? Well this game has at least 50 percent of the things you're looking for! I give this game an arbitrary 8 flying cars out of 10.
great game one of my favourite campaigns but to many hackers on mulitiplayer
Total crap waste of time ERRORS G32 G29 lol what a joke with this kind of bug fixing speed might as well blow your company u lol DONT BUY WASTE OF MONEY AND TIME............GG
Total crap waste of time ERRORS G32 G29 lol what a joke with this kind of bug fixing speed might as well blow your company u lol DONT BUY WASTE OF MONEY AND TIME............GG
i loved the campaign but in skirmish vs ai is really difficult even with easy ai the just rush you that quickly i wouldnt reccomend buy the game just for the campaign as good as it is
Game of the Year 2k15 or riot!Seriously, I've had no major issues with this game that haven't been fixed or that aren't being looked at by the devs already. I have never seen a dev team so open and dedicated as Wildcard. This game is by far my favourite of all time, a title that hasn't changed even once since I was a child.With more and more content released every week or two and the tweaks and optimisations along with it, I have the utmost respect for the team and this amazing game that they've made.ALSO: RIDING YOUR DINOS. SERIOUSLY. <39001/10
Take over /medic Screaming Simulator 1999
10/10 would tf2 again
Yet Another Zombie Defense. Great game, but sometimes gets repetative, however. This game is probably one of the best Zombie Defences out there, I was gifted this by a friend and I liked it, only played half an hour though due to being a bit repetative, but it's alright. I mean, if you get the trading cards you could sell them for money and earn profit, but I would only recommend this if you would like a 30mins-1hr time waste. 6.5/10
Melhor game
The menus are crap and no one knows how to play and when you find someone that knows how to play thay freak out if you do one thing wrong. all that said i still like this game.7.5/10
An absolute classic, still just as fun today as it was 15 years ago with tonnes of challenges to overcome and secrets to find.
This game takes your life and you sit there and let it happen.
great game great fun and hope yous make more like it
really laggy and bad for oceania need an oceania server i would recommend if there was an oceania server but for people in australia etc its pretty bad
I would of reccomended it until the most recent update, took the game a long way backwards.
great game m8
10/10 its not cod
game is dying so don't waste your time here not worth it, play planetside or cs instead
This game looks Fun
great fun
REALLY REALLY REALLY REALLYfun :D
Pew pew in space. What more do you need?
review for thailandมุขตลกที่ทำให้คุณหัวเราะ เรื่องราวที่น่าติดตาม ตอนจบที่ทำให้คุณประทับใจ หากคุณชอบที่จะเสพเนื้อเรื่อง เกมนี่เป็นเกมที่คุณจะต้องเล่นครับ
Game is unplayable, i get below 5 fps once the game starts and my computer can run tripple A title games. Other are having the problem too, it makes the game unplayable. Please fix this ASAP, it's dog sh*t that i have to spend $79 on the game and not be able to play it.
I r8 8/8 Tentacle bats are g8
Good game.Not much to say.4 outta 5 would bang.The soundtrack is also very good.Play the game.Short game but still a good game.
Have you ever just wanted to walk around shooting random people. Or maybe just mod a game so it fits you. Gta has all of this it really makes me happy every time i play it you will love this game 10/10 BUY THIS GAME
Simplesmente, Perfeito!
Great game especially with friends but oceanic servers disappear off the list sometimes
no skins = no skill
Great game especially with friends but oceanic servers disappear off the list sometimes
no skins = no skill
best $15 ever spent <3 already found everything love it <3 i cryed too :( 
Nope
Thisgameputmetothetest,andithypnotizedmewithGameOver,Begin,Game Over,Begin.Ithinkitmayofbrokenmyspacebaraswell.Ohwell10/10
This game is very good and enjoyable you can spent countless hours just playing this game.
Awesome game
10/10 would sh!t my pants again
Best game ever, with the worst community possible.
Cool stuff. Spy. Dead
Nope.
"The most scariest game, I\'ve ever played" - MarkiplierGuys, this game has such a great backstory behind it! It is to bad it has to end so soon, but as always.#MyBodyIsFreddy...Literally
It's sort of like Fallout, except it's fun.
this game is awesome,this game is ♥♥♥♥ed up and this game is so sad and depressing. if you want these types of games i would strongly reccomend youto buy it. its worth your money
goood
Great Game bought 2 copies.
It works on my comp but the color doesnt. It is just brwn and really bright white and i cant see anything wats happening
i love it to bits
Best game.....
what
I spent about 1k for cases and keys after purchasing the game...KNIEV! KNIEV!But then I got nothing...Gaben doesn't like poeple...But Gaben likes money...8/9 not enough knife
Never seen sucha  well animated ♥♥♥♥♥ in my live. Definitely worth a buy.
orivel :/
Very well devoloped game realistic combat system stabbing slashing and bashing actually depend on if you really actully hit the person you are trying to kill and the archer/other throwble items are also realist featuring drop in air meaning gravity is actually screwing it up.Over all this game is indeed very fun and realistc
AAAAAA for Awesome 6 times
This game is a fun little death trap, quite fun doe
Great top down game, easy to play as you can figure everything out as you go. A simple yet engaging and fun experience with few biomes, many items, plenty of building materials and great mobs. Good value for it's price, the game is reasonable however probably needs quite a few more things still.The developer works hard on updates every day and regularly does things to the game which is always a good sign. You can find the official wiki of the game here!       (http://wiki.projectexploregame.com/index.php/Main_Page).-= The Good =-() Easy gameplay() Many menus and settings() Good particles, like with the rain() Does not take over my hard drive() Regular updates() Good building interface-= The Bad =-() Barely any biomes and water has no coast, picture a blue piece of paper next to a green piece of paper!() Still no Multiplayer :(() Animals are as dumb as my cat, (My cat is a dumb blonde)() Needs way more items and crafting.() Needs electronics and more advanced types of crafting.() Seriously lacks bosses and big twists in the game, like massive events you have to prepare for.Overall, the game is simple, easy and fun, you should just buy it and try it out for yourself. 7.5/10
this game is a piece of **** everytime you try and join someone it crashes everytime you try to play it crashes. this game is not worth $25 its not even worth $0 this is trash!!!!
This game has runied life because of how much i played, i lost my wife, my kids disowned me, and i have no more friends because of how addicting this game is. 10/10 like minecraft with microtransactions
it's okayish
Ok, CS: GO may not be the best FPS out there or have insane graphics - but you know what? For $15 this a hell fun game that comes with a great eSports community. Recommended to anyone who wants a fun game and doesn't want to spend a fortune.
Dota 2 is a fun, rage-inducing game that requires imo around 50 hrs to grasp the idea and mechanics of the game. With over 100 characters to learn, master and build to the situation. The game offers endless possibilities with a skill bracket ranging from complete and utter n00bs to that of professional players. Beware though, you can be sucked into the game and possibly ruin your life XD.
Good little time waster, good to play when waiting for a download or something for a short period of time.
Great game, Nice graphics and storyline. Has a bit of difficulty added to it which is good and so is the whole concept of choosing a god to worship.Just with The Beast F'taga, He shouldn't be as hard as he is, non-stop attacking and knockback which makes him very hard to attack, if the Beast was a bit easier it would be more enjoyable
#sofun #skills #totallydifferentFPSThis game is awesome.
AMAZING
Really Great game for those who love puzzlers that just make you head explode.
Game works perfectly. Runs smooth, looks great. Sound is so-so. Gameplay is awesome. First race in a Sauber (15 laps Melbourne) and my engineer started giving me fuel warnings with about 6 laps to go. I ignored and kept pushing to get ahead of my team mate. I ran out of fuel with 1/4 lap to go.
THIS IS LIKE THE BEST GAME EVER MADE!!!
Is rated T for teenthere are huge amounts of mods for guns. addons for gore, mods to make ragdolls have no clothes, gamemodes like methrp and slaverp, dupes of giant dongs and ragdolls having sex.tenouttaten
Excellent game to play when im bored. its worth it even if you have it on a console too like i do i have it on PS3 and it is fun on PS3 but on PC you can download custom maps that other people have made and they are really fun because there is so many i love this game 10/10 buy it
Great game
BEST DLC ON THE MARKET!!
If you like smashing brainsmurdering humansfree runningzombiescrafting/upgrading weapons last but not least great storyline THEN THIS IS YOUR GAME :D
Highly recommended. Dark story, darker world and a game that gets you thinking outside the box. one of my favourite stealth games. highly addictive and gets your heart racing quite a lot.
Very Fun
Esse jogo é ♥♥♥♥!!
Ridiculously fun game. Spells are powerful, but defenses are equally powerful so it's always a matter of out-thinking and out-playing your opponent. The best part is the decision to exclude a mana system so there's not really any micro management going on. The developers really listen to the community and are very public with what they are working on and going to work on.
i kill my family for this game
♥♥♥♥ing keys and skins BEFORE the game is done. Stop the mircotrasactions!
Best
Got killed by people that were in there undies 10/10
Dont let the people who cant afford 20$ get you twisted..all these lil girls still play ARK to death even after they write a negative review.Game is probably the best EA game on steam and when it is finished I have no doubt in my mind itll be one of the best games.. how can I know this ? The game even in early stages commands respect.. Its brilliant.Constantly updates with free stuff almost monthly and for the die hard fans who can afford 20$ you can even buy a special desert map thats extra hard for a challenge.. completely optional though.Buy it and give it a go for yourself and ignore all the scum in the review section.
yay this is epic
Far Cry 3 is by far right now one of my favourite FPS's and I think it always will be. Good bullet physics, stealth and studying movement patterns to see where the pirate will move to across the camp to become an advantage in staging your all-out assault or a stealth take. Sniping the men who are following you because you blew up their convoy of jeeps. And let's not forget to mention. Those graphics on the explosions are the best I've seen of every game that has chaos in it. Not only is their one huge island full of mysterious temples and WWII ruins, but also a second large island and a completely separate island for the co-op mode. And of what I've played, multiplayer is also great fun.
really good game I onjoy it a heap but I really hope they add controller support
Awesome game! Great job!
Its pretty good with the skins the wall bangs or cool and the competive is mad
awsome
Got a job with the army and took all money for other people. Gambled it.Collected money from ranchers for someone else, gambled it.Got a girlfreind and gambled away all her money to buy a house, then killed her and her ex husband.10/10 would become gambling addict again
its the best ♥♥♥♥ing game in the univerise
I bought this software and after upgrading to windows 10 i can't open it but this worked great on windows 7. I give it a thumbs up
A really great game, i haven't thrown much money towards but it's very enjoyable. I wish i had more time to play it. :)
its a very good game its worth it
it is a epic game get it!!!!!
I had a bit of a propblem at first with opening the game because of my poor graphics card but once i got it working it is an amazing game and would highly recommend purchasing it. The game offers a wide improvement of fallout 3 and vegas with the combat system and enimies, but like every bethasda games it does have its bugs but oh well.
Remover de vidas. (10/10)
A good fighter till the bad Memory Leak problem that some how got through testing eats all your Ram then crashes the game. Who the hell ever tested this needs a smak in the head and to never test games again. Worth picking up if you can get it cheap and you are a fan of MK or fighters.**Update** After the latest patch, they fixed a few issues, but the bad memory leak is still present.**Update** Since the latest patch the bad memory leak has been fixed, the online is still hit and miss                             with lag. Other then that it runs fine, but still not worth the store asking price. Have fun :)**Update**As of now WB and NRS have decided to drop the PC verion of MKX and only work on the console version, which means there will be no Kombat Pack 2 or the GGPO netcode for PC players and no more patches. WB + NRS fix for this is for you to buy a $400 subpar par machine + online subsctiption and buy the game again if you want to play MKX with the latest updates and fixes. FU WB.
preatty FUN! art style, Gameplay, Charcters, eta  Best with friends for 4 player co-op Fun to Unlock pets And WeaponryKill Bosses with fun Skits in between ( mostly )I suggest you to play it ( yes YOU!!! )9/10  (just because its a good review dosun't mean i give 10 out of 10 )
É um otimo jogo bem criativo com muita possibilidades, mas não consigo conectar para jogar com meus amigos, toda vez que eu vou loga no server do meu amigo diz que o servidor não pode responder, e quando eu crio a sala e ele tenta conectar acontece o mesmo, o servidor não pode responder.Espero que eles arrumem isso nas proximas atualizações.
Age of Empires 2, ahh i remember this game back when i was a small lad. i used to play this on my old dinosaur computer for hours.
Very promising, can't wait for more updates :)
It's more fun
░█▀▀░█░░█░█▀█░█▀▀░█▀█░▀▀█░█░░█░█▀▀░█▀▀░█▀▄░▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░▀░░░▀▀▀░▀░ ▀░█▀▀ ░█▀█ ░█ ░█▀▀░█▀▀ ░█▀▀ ░█ ░█░▀▀▀ ░▀ ░░░▀ ░▀▀▀░░░░░░░░░░░████░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░█░░░█░░░░░░░░░█░░░░███████▄▄█░░░░░███▄▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░   this   ░░░█▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░  game  ░░█▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░   rulz   ░░█▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░█
Best game in my eyes i have played the borderlands games since borderlands 1 on ps3
I got this game when it costed 19.99 USD how could I get my Money back?
im gud
How to play this game:Step 1 - Wait to joinStep 2 - Join and do tutorial (easy peasy)Step 3 - DisconnectStep 4 - Join back and disconnect again.Step 5 - Repeat Step 4 infinitely10/10
Killed my son after I found him. Forgot to save game. 11/10 Would do it again.
Love this game cant wait for verson 3.0
I don't know, It just, It sucks. Plain and simple, It is literally trash, Multiplayer and Singleplayer alike are both trash, The only time it's been decent is when you first get the game, The first like 3 hours, other than that it sucks.
Very fun to play with a bunch of friends and the gameplay is great, all around the world set it amazing and yeah 8/10
awsome
nice platformer games, nice music and gameplay
I have over 3000 hours on this game so I think I can definitely go ahead and say it's freaking awesome, a lot of credit does go to the content creators though, thousand of add ons for almost everything!
There\'s not much to say, Some of my friends ask "What type of game is it?" and i would respond with "every, you can do pretty much anything you want, there is no restriction, it is entirely unique, and it is everchanging thanks to the community and workshop".
This game is pretty great but im using a mac. So I'm able to play, but it is super laggy. Anyway I could get help?
Best MMORPG I've ever played, 2000+ hrs on steam and another 2000+ hours without steam. Offers so many different things that pretty much caters for anyone, from farming potatoes to fighting enemies on the seas or running dungeons with friends/guild, killing world bosses, fishing/trade pack running etc. For those casual gamers, you can plant seeds/saplings and harvest them, combine them with other materials and craft into potions and many other things. You can also participate in rifts or even faction events in the seas/on land for honor in order to gem your gear. If fighting is not for you, go explore some pretty challenging-to-reach but amazing landscape ArcheAge has to offer, level up exploration proficiency and go treasure hunting.
love this game lvl 46 rep so good i think you should get
Would rather be in the human centipede than play this game
69/420
This game is a very highly reccomended game for people of all skill levelsit's fun too play and also offers a veriety of different game modes, maps and guns
Absolutely love Pinball FX2 as you can see by the hours.  I am in the best steam group "The Pinball Family" for which we have tournaments all year round.  Great work Zen, I applaud your work.  I would really love to see a CRICKET  themed table....please please with cherries on top.  Alot of people love cricket around the world, oh and Ice Hockey would be pretty cool too.
AWESOME GAME! IT IS THE BEST GAME ON STEAM APART FROM GARRY'S MOD!
Fun LAN game
For some reason i can't do the mmo beta but still 10/10 can someone help me?
OMFG! the most amazing turn based stratergy game ever, its like if chess and raindow six met and then by some strange luck they ♥♥♥♥ed this would be their baby!
Awesome game need more games like this
gud
Shh i doctor now now im ganna use my abilites in da hospital
de lo mejor te puedes fabricar armas es genial░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░████████▄▄█░░░░░██████▄▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░ Valve add this ░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░ Please! ░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█████░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░Because... it's░░░░░█▀▀ ░█▀█ ░█ ░█▀▀ ░░░█▀▀ ░█▀▀ ░█ ░█ ░░░░░▀▀▀ ░▀ ░░░▀ ░▀▀▀
.
fun addictive gamevery fun game made by roptop rate 7/10
This game is really fun to play but with no recoil the default sniper is to op, also i would love if they allowed australian servers so i could play without getting killed behind the wall
refund/10. I was more dissapointed than my girlfriend in bed.
its great
11/9 would play again
This game is a home invader sim so any American republican gun loving person will love this game.
Recommended Game of the Year..Awesome in every sense..I liked it
it dose not work for my PC it keeps freezing, crashing please if you know whats going on please tell me ?
skins, cause why not?its an ok game, it just gets boring after a while
This game gets VERY boring very fast. I mean if you are a giant fan of star trek and you have money to spend then sure you will probably love this game and play it for along time but im not a big fan of star trek and the fact that it gets so repedative makes me want to just never play it again. The AI difficulty is also really odd as at one point the AI will be hard and challenging to kill and the next minute the AI will be so easy. The combat was interesting at first though as you can decide where to shoot your phazer (star trek gun) or you can just click an enemy and let your character do everything but as i said it got very repedative and just boring.
ok first why its failing to start it up on my pc but on the 360 is good but do you need to download a mod or same thing
I could not recommend this game enough.I played Borderlands, loved it. I played Borderlands 2, loved it. I saw the first teaser for Tales from the Borderlands and thought "what the hell are they thinking? Borderlands is a shoot-and-loot game! Not an interactive story!" I didn\'t think it would work at all.How wrong I was.The story was gripping and the gameplay did not disappoint. From the beginning to the end I couldn\'t tear myself away from it.10/10 would recommend to everyone.
เป็นเกมส์ที่ดีในเรื่องการวางแผนในการบ และเป็นที่ชืนชอบเป็นอย่างมาก
cant stop playing its to fun and ithas a challeng compared to other games
Sin duda uno de los mejores multiplayers de la historia, no tiene nada en escepcial, pero te aseguro, que no hay ninguno en su tipo, trabajo en equipo, objetos coleccionables, etc. muy completo y competitivo.
it better then the mod for ARMA 2
Definitely recommend this gameLove the game, real fun to play, not hard or annoying just some users :)
Best city builder on the market
GTA V was great on the console yet many people doubted that it would transfer well to PC. THEY WERE WRONG GTA V PC is apsolutely amazing, 10/10 would play again and again and again. Do keep in mind you need a bloody good computer to run it at 60 fps 
10/10 too many children with mikes.
very fun :D
o meu jogo nao abre mais fica dando defeito nao inicia e ja fiz de tudo desinstalei e instalei denovo e fica falando que alguma coisa fez o jogo parar de funcionar feche o aplicativo
Have you ever read a good book and got so emersed in the beautiful story, diverses characters and climactic drama that you begin to have a real conection between you and the characters? well i can honestly say that this game is a peice of art in that sense, over time playing the game, the set to be run away girl 'Elisabeth' draws such raw emotion out of you that until the very end of the game you'll feel responsible for her protetion...never felt so bad about killing 'people' in a game before.9.5/10
Best game ever played after wasabi sauce.This game gives me erections just by looking at my screenshots or at the store page its that wonderful, sometimes I think of flopping it out and just doing it while playing. 21/10 Better than sex and food.
This game is a excellant blend between Strategy and Card Game... This game has Allot of Replayability as each game thus far is random. There are many things that can happen in the game that is solely up to chance. Such is living from being attacked by 3 sapphire dragons, or killing a enemy wizard with a goblin.
This game is one of my favourite rts/turned base strategy games of all time
i do like this game but at the same time notpros:-text to speech-graphics-some other contentcons:- it only has 1 mission- no other events happen like leakege or a pipe burst which makes the game not funi would give it a 5/10
Terraria Has got to Be One Of the Most Addicting Games ever The Boss Battles and Fun And Intense, The Amount of Enemys In The Game is Astonishing, And Theres Loads Of Weapons to Cut them down to Size With. I Would Highly Recommend Getting This Game.
I really like this game a lot, I hope that there are further developments in the future, I see potential in it
awesome game but it lages a bit
No life ahead, therefore turn back.
you play this game and you will be so addictve to this game and plus in this game you get to be a UFO!!!!!
I have played 2.6 hours roughly and about 2.55 of those hours were spent in the menu screen getting cards to make money. Guess what my rating would be.
Its cool
I find this game to be quite slow, I enjoy it for a once a day session for about 30 minutes, There doesn't seem to be any pay walls but people who pay for in game items have a much easier time, I like to think of it as buying easy mode. It has a style of mmo I prefer whereby I don't have to be a Hero killing 15 boars and leveling up I can go and grow a garden or make a pretty dress so I can make an even prettier dress. All in all I would say play if you're patient or pay if you’re not. Not for everyone.
It's not newIt doesn't have top notch banterIt does have cases to waste my life onBut what it does have is♥♥♥♥ing Bad ♥♥♥ Clone Commando's.
great game having heaps of fun with the battle royal
Extremely fun horror, I advise you keep with you a spare pair of pants when you play this, or just wear a nappy. 15/10
This game could have earned more respect and gained my talent if it werent for all the having rent and paying this the only way to get stuff forever! Ingame credits is so hard to get. The playermodels suck balls, the phyics are terrible. Community dieing. Id rather go play the first counter strike game then this. Pros:Good featuresBetter then COD GhostsBetter then WarZ/Infesation Survivor StoriesNice Items in the storeFun to laugh and get competitive aboutCons:Bad Physics Terrible PlayermodelsSometimes it can be a PAY 2 WIN!Not work being put into this gamePeople that can pay dominate easy peesy
So many Fixes but still so many Bugs 
What can I say about this expansion pack? To have my own religion is amazingly good. The new Civilizations added into the game is just..... YES I WANT THAT sort of thing. What I hate are spies, but that is because I always have the most technology so it sucks for me.The Great people you get, are slightly different. Only Artists give you Golden Age which is good and they also lost their culture bomb (thank God). This is the sort of game I can keep on playing and fall in love with. A fantastic Expansion pack.Oh and the music is fricken amazing. Title theme, leaders theme. Just.... get the damn game guys.
I hate this game with a forever lasting passion.The ArmA engine was never made for melee, so that doesn\'t work in DayZ. I can break my legs from jumping down just about over a metre with barely any "weight" in terms of inventory. Servers are still horrible, drop out frequently and etc.Yes I know, this is a "Pre-Alpha", but it\'s running off of a base game that has been around for a fair while, so you\'d think that even early access it would still be better than this god forsaken trash.I paid $30 for this game which has had nothing but good reviews, granted I hated the mod, I wanted to see what the fuss was all about. What a waste of that $30 for only 3 hours of game play for such a high rated peice of junk.Where a game such as Infestation: Survivor Stories gets nothing but crap, and I have over 500 hours on it because it\'s not a horrible peice of junk. It\'s had its issues, like every other game, but people just got butthurt and decided they stand by their hatred indefinately. With DayZ, I have had nothing but issues. No way to store anything, so if I die, I lose everything that I have played so many hours to obtain. No possible way to "trust" anyone, granted at anytime you can be "stabbed in the back". And, last but not least, the environment is absolutely abhorrent, the sun is waaaay too bright, doors are sometimes too small, stairs are buggy at best, movement inside a building is a struggle at the best of time, and I could go on but I\'ll just stop there.So, $15 for I:SS and I get 500+ hours. Double that for DayZ and I get 3 hours, not worth a single set in my opinion, but hey, not that many listen to a "hater" of sorts, but behind this hate is an avid gamer who loves to enjoy a good game, and this is not one of the game I enjoy, so it goes into my "CRAP" category in my Steam Library.The moral of this story: Don\'t trust reviewers. Their opinions are worth nothing. Go with your gut and hate what you hate, but atleast give it a go, especially if you get it for free. ;P
This is the best FPS game I have ever played, 10/10
Bejeweled with RPG elements, an attempt at a story and a surprising amount of things to do. Actually a pretty decent game, but prepare for the AI to cheat... a lot.
Free Santa!
todo se compra..... ninguna gracia que este juego se encuentre en la sesion free to play
This game is suited of younger games such as toddlers (only pyroland should reconmended) and teenagers  (optional  to have it on). :crate: :D
why i can't play this game in the intro movie i skip and game is closed i don't know someone help pls (sry for my bad english)
Absolutely hilarious game! Its full of fun. +Recommened.
awesome should get it
Get this game everyone, its soooo good.
one of the best game i have ever played
iss guuuuuuud
Note: Protagonist died on the way back to his home planet.
So, you've owned your all so powerful gaming rig for years now. You miss the emotional strain,  the constant struggle of a low frame rate and you wish to experience it once more.Well, you're in luck! For this abomination is so poorly f*cking optimised that your beast of a PC will barely be able to run it with a solid 1 frame per f*cking second!11/10, best uninstall simulator ever.
เกมแม่งก็ได้นะสนุกดี แต่แม่งหลุดบ่อย
lots of love
end my suffering
NICE FUN.
Amazing f2p game and is not a play to win game at all, you can grind this game to get your favourite plane even though it may take some time
este jogo e muito legal quem fala ingles è muito ruim
very good game
you know why i hate rust its because the bears in the game keep stealing my peanut butter sandwitches and calling me a ♥♥♥ in elvish but still i come back because 1 day i know they will suck my huge ♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ if i cover it in peanut butter whilst i molest poo bears ♥♥♥♥ with my sweaty and peanut flavored lips (no HOMO) but still i keep wanting to play that ♥♥♥♥ing game THE END
Question: Is it possible to unlock things like the R&D Lab when you've already finished game?
This game made me cry... It's perfect just... perfect.
gr8 r8 m8, no db8
ใช้ได้สนุกดี
Jogo ♥♥♥♥ tem Potencial mais esses merdas falando que o jogo e lixo, 1 Palavra:RECOMENDO♥♥♥♥ game has more that talking ♥♥♥♥ potential that the game and garbage , one word : recommend
a nice game but still gets boring
Very realistic, even there are no tanks or planes, but still have so many functions, especially the squad function. Also included some information of the maps and the background of the WW1. 10/10
god
Very fun game a nice break from the super realistic shooters. Definite Recommendation
Casi el juego perfecto.! 9/10
Hm, what to say? It has real potential... I have had this game for a while now, didnt play much but, after a few months it advanced a lot. To a multiplayer with 10 people playing to a massive Co-OP, just started Single Player Campaign, and a much bigger multiplayer with active servers and ranks going up to 100. Excellent for a early access... worth the money (imo). Love the CO-OP with the robots, quiet difficult but makes it fun.There is a lot to come... Check out their Hell Week for Interstellar Marines https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=50AhVxkvIS8 Looking awesome guys :)
Hm, what to say? It has real potential... I have had this game for a while now, didnt play much but, after a few months it advanced a lot. To a multiplayer with 10 people playing to a massive Co-OP, just started Single Player Campaign, and a much bigger multiplayer with active servers and ranks going up to 100. Excellent for a early access... worth the money (imo). Love the CO-OP with the robots, quiet difficult but makes it fun.There is a lot to come... Check out their Hell Week for Interstellar Marines https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=50AhVxkvIS8 Looking awesome guys :)
Worst port of all time, completely ruined the game for me after 2+ years of unplayable errors and problems. My entire play time is dedicated to trying to fix this game and it was all fruitless in the end, buyer beware
Probably one of the best games ive ever played, no wonder it got game of the year.
Pewpew I die you die
i put my resolution too high so now i can only see half of the creen and i cant fix it
Assassins creed 2 is one of the games you have to get.The story is perfect. It links the tutorials well with the game.Assassins creed 2 has outstanding characters with amaingpersonalities and details.Definitly will bring you into the series!
55
มัน มากมากเลยครับ
Game Is Perfect
GG commended ty
เกมกากสัส
มันส์
+ - +
GOOD
..........................+++++++++++++
Now, Don't mistake this game to be anything like space engineers, The people over at Keen have done an amazing job at making this game vary from space engineers, Those of you who have Space Engineers will have to re-think everything you thought you knew about engineering. The Physics complexity, The Graphical beauty and the absolutely stunning soundtrack make this game completely worth the cost! The soundtrack alone is worth buying this game!The downside's are that the game so far has not been completed, so flaws are to be expected, and the structural integrity can crash the game at some point and because it's newer there's a distinct lack of mod's compared to its space-themed counterpart.To sum it all up;Pro's:+Graphically stunning, very good for an alpha, But atleast on my PC, Not too taxing.+Eargasm! The soundtrack is both soothing, and uplifting. If you like medieval themed orchestra, Then the music alone is reason enough to buy this game!+Complex physics.  Something that is hardly ever seen in most games is the formation of rubble in such a believable manner. Your building's will have to stand up to the test of gravity and it really makes you need to think outside the box!+Scroll n' roll. Scrolling with select blocks will give you varients of that block type. This is something i love about Medieval Engineers. Nuff said.+Blockception. You can place a block withing a block withing a block within a bl- (etc.)Con's:-Physics! Y U DO THIS?! Like I said, Amazingly complex and glorious physics and destruction, But these attributes are also a downfall if you build too big! The very structural integrity this game is heralded for is its greatest downfall, requiring you to bear with the limitations of the current engine. Remember, This will probably be changed in later updates.-So, No real weapons? Well, Not yet. You can shoot canonballs but let's be honest. We're all waiting for swords, shields, bows and arrows! The recent addition of Barbarians (destructive A.I.) can't be killed very easily and appear to have their own spiked club as a weapon, which is not available to the player at this time. This will mostlikely change in future updates.Now there are probably some other things, but that's a summary. Also, some blocks are missing from the trailer, My guess is over at Keen, They are fixing up some block dynamics, Checking viability and tweaking the physics engine a bit. The lack of mod's in the steam workshop should be temporary too, as the more people get this, the more modder's will come and grace this gem of a game. You dont even need to own this game to mod it! :DIn the end, I give it a 9.5/10. Good job Keen and thanks for this wonderful addition to my Steam library!
this game is really fun and i think it might be one of the best games ever
Great game, Beautiful artwork and a true game to its sequel.. Just.. Buy the game already >_<
재미있어요
This game seriously gave me nauseaPros-Draws inspirations from Maurits Cornelis Escher or otherwise known as famously, M.C. Escher.-Funky Art Design-Calming and soothing music-Nice unique puzzlesCons-Gave me Nausea-Gave me a headache also-Starts off incredibly easy then jumps to insanely hard-The Gameplay is so slow-TOO MANY RAGE-QUITS-its a fact, the art design isn't originalIf you see this game on sale, like I did. I got it for 99c,I admit it made me rage-quit a bit but overall the game is good but not for everyone.Rating: Don't read this review and just get itFinal Verdict: 7/10
I love this game, it is amazing 10/10
pre good
This game is gr8 m8 you can open cr8's.10/10 IGN would r8 He Db8's about this game m8You Join. You Kill. You Die. (Redo That M80)Honestly Team Fortress 2 is a gr8 game you can invest money from it and while doing that. You can also have fun m8.P.S IGN 8/8 Thats his r8 m8 ~IGN
2/10 -dumb as ♥♥♥♥
Fun
Eu nao consiguo ver as armas e nem os personagens ,eles ficam em tela preta ,até quando vou jopgar a tela fica preta com umas partes que dao pra ver mas o resto ficam pretos, queria mt jogar esse jogo mais nao consiguo por causa disso ,gostaria que vcs me falasem qual é o bug que esta acontecendo ,ou se for bug do jogo arrumen pffpf
มันดี
It's an ok game if you ever wanted to create you're own superhero or villain in the DC universe.
Pure... AWesomeness
Got meself a G-98.*Peaks briefly over the top**Dies instantly*Best multiplayer fps ever played, hands down. If you like history your balls will explode. 
Pure... AWesomeness
Got meself a G-98.*Peaks briefly over the top**Dies instantly*Best multiplayer fps ever played, hands down. If you like history your balls will explode. 
Lego + World of Tanks
Extremely addictive, great if you are on a boring holiday with your family. New adventure everytime and tons of way to play10/10
Just Buy It! 10/10 Good Game with an amazing graphics
VERY FUN and VERY COOL!!!!!!!!!!
Brilliant just brilliant that is all
This game, Is ♥♥♥♥ing glorious.Achievement Unlocked: "What are you doing with your life?"
Normaly MMORPGs aren't my thing, but this game is great! Not a Pay-to-Win, like many other MMORPGs, but ids pay-for-convinience. Aside from a few glitches that I have come across in the tutorial area, most of which are mostly Graphical, this game is almost perfect!
Like a freakin dealer giving a customer some samples... The free weekend was all a big ruse...
Its so bosss
This game absolutely blew me away from the very first episode. The storyline is amazing as well as how the characters' personalities are shown through events in the episode. The artwork is very breath-taking and I just can't wait to play through the next episodes. Definitly worth the money and time. This is all from just playing the first episode and it just goes to show how much time and effort was put into making this wonderful game. Definitly a top competitor alongside TellTale Games, and I'm looking forward to what these guys make in the future.
IDEK EVEN HAVE MANY HOURS BUT ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME IS BROKEN. SIMPLE RULE FOR NEW PLAYERS: AUTOCLICK MACRO=EZ WIN. HAVE FUN LMAO
I'll be honest.Pros:There is NO Pay2Win (I'll explain later) , every overpowered or goodlooking content can be farmed.A housing plot to showoff your CreativityStyles and costumes that u can wear to showoff your fashionJoin a club with your friends to show off your creations like huge castles or whatever you build in minecraftCons:Grindy and ExpensiveLimited content ( No storyline , repeated dungeons .etc)The latter will be disadvantaged due to rotating FREE dragon souls/caches. (You still can buy them even after it has gone)There is only ONE End-game content , Hard Daughter-Of-The-Moon whom you can defeat within the shortest amount of time possible and be the top 100 to receive a special purple name that only last a weekTo end off this review i would explain why there's no P2W , basically because Firstly , everything can be farmedSecond , Theres no WinThirdly , If this is a grind game , it just means the developer wants you to play normally and then enjoy the expensive item you have hard-earned for
SE TU QUISER JOGAR COM TEUS AMIGOS N COMPRA QUE ESSE LIXO TEM Q USAR HAMACHI E N FUNFA É UM LIXO N COMPRA ESSA BOSTA
The game comes capped at 30 frames per second without a fan-made patch.The game is pretty cool though, but don't expect Battlefield with Aliens.I really enjoy the destruction aswell.Final Verdict: It's a mixed bag of [BLEEP] d i c k s.
this game is really good if you like smashi killing and building this is the game for you the 4 pack is good so all your friends (3 of them) can all play together and hve a great experience
it's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ then moms sasuages
dayz good mod good game good kick ♥♥♥ zombies recommend the epoch mod of dayz
Fun..
สนุก
This Game Is Amazing To The Sound Tracks The Levels The Detail And The Coulors You Should Buy This
Vry Vry nice game i likeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee thailand like Counter-Strike: Global Offensive ya hoooooooooooooooooooo
i Recommend this gameAmerican Planes- Boom and Zoom (Damn 12.7 MM Browning MGs)German Planes- Energy fighters, you can do anything lolRussian Planes- Shoot one bullet, Stalin will be proudBritish Planes- Cannons...And great turn rate and Climb RateJapanese Planes- 1 shot from the enemy, you burn lolFor every Tanks - Shoot at the correct spot11/10
The last time i saw this game it was a bloody internet game how did it get on steam!! and another funny thing it has a good amount of players
This game is really good, the gameplay is just marvellous. You have to work as a team or you just get destroyed. Communication is a MUST here.
One of my all time favorite games to play in my pasttime
A very story oriented MMORPG.Wouldn't play again if i had money for other games.I think the idea of cats getting #rekt by ratz is gud.9/10 - IGN
help it keeps coming up as error and it wont let me play planetside 2 help me plz
Without looking at guides on how to play this game I delved right into the action and was immediately confused on what to do, so I quickly searched up a guide on steam and relaunched the game. 100% Orange Juice is a mix between a board game and a card game that is based primarily on luck and a little knowledge on how to play the game, this game has two ways of winning to gather enough stars and to beat enough enemies. To move on the board you roll a die, if you reach an intersection you are able to choose which direction you would like to go (After learning the tiles you can get the best out of your turns/chapters). There are different tiles on the board and an action is performed on each one that may benefit your game or hurt your game (Luck based) these include; gaining or loosing stars, versing creatures, Draw a card and battle. I found this game fun to play, however after playing more than 3 hours I found it very annoying how hard the ai is in this game, so I recommend only playing this with a mate who owns the game. The developer 'Orange Juice' used vibrant colours in the game and a refreshing art style that I have not seen by any other dev although the music is great it became very annoying after the third loop. Overall this game was fun to play, had extremely difficult ai, based upon luck, great visuals, tons of campaigns and content and great but catchy soundtrack. Not quite worth 6.99us asking price through for the content in this game however is definitely worth it if you have friends to play with. *Please do note that I have received this game for the purpose of reviewing it*
why doesnt it work?
Tactical Intervention spycrabs plzBut seriously tho i only like because of how stoopidly funny it is
Um ícone do mundo dos Games. Recomendo ao menos o download da Demo. 8/10.
when i ever do hoxton breakout it just crashes
Incredible game. Highly addictive.
This game has been out for a couple years now and i have been with you guys the whole time. I love this game.i have bought over 5 copies of this game on Various platforms and have love it no matter what.With every update it gets so much more exciting, and the amount of content you guys add in is just amazingi dont think i will ever get tired of this game.if for some reason you dont already have this game GET IT!!!      Thanks :)
♥♥♥♥ING HELL! LAG LIKE ♥♥♥♥ CANT PLAY JUST JOIN THEN LAG OUT NOT RESPOIND WTF MAN I USING ALIEN WARE COMPUTER THE FASTEST COMPUTER IN THE WORLD THEN IT IS STILL LAGGING ME OUT WTF PLS DONT DOWNLOAD THIS GAME IT SUCKS~!
I personally think that this game is a high performance, highly detailed and very creative MMO game. The fact about how you can explore the world of skyrim and become a mage, warrior or theif to level yourself up and work your way up to your full potential. Just exploring the world of skyrim is a really fun thing. But in the end its the BEST MMO GAME that I've seen so far.
Welll........ This game is frickin amazing, if you like building this is a have to have game. Its not hard to control like "Space Engineers" This game is amazingly fun. the Structal Integrity is amazing aswell. I love the fact that the building is very very easy and once your on the game your hookedl. I highly Recomend this game for its building, tree cutting and destruction, and the pure fun. Multiplayer will come out in later updates.
Counter-Strike Global Offensive,What a game, it's fun when you play with mates, don't have to play online players, make strategies on how to win.There are many great maps to play on, there are many game types you can play ( death match, Competitive, casual )There is skins in this game, having colourful guns, having flip knifes are awesome. It's a great FPS game
10/10 Ign "Bad Rats in Europe
everyone should try this game well any total war game
its a decent game
Melho Jogo que eu ja Jogei
GET IT!!!!!!
Undertale is pretty much one of the only RPGs by far where choices really do matter, just like in real life and with what choice you make can eventually come back to bite you.This game is such a phenomenal approach to not only as a RPG but within the Indie category of games as well, if it wasn't for it's unique battle screen, multiple endings, that one scene with Mettaton in it that pays homage to Final Fantasy VI, extremely emotional and sad ending (True Pacifist), and most importantly it's completely original storyline and soundtrack. This game truely defines what a game should really consist of and this game is an excellent example of a well-made game. The storyline is perhaps the most important element and it is a really big convention of all games out there. Depending on what choice you make in this game, even if it's having the tiniest amount of EXP can actually mess up your next ending. The idea of the parts completely changing in the current and the next game, depending on the user's actions is probably one of the smartest ideas I have ever seen within a game.Don't judge this game for its graphics or the massive fanbase, that's like judging a book by it's cover and what other people like. This game is by far the best indie RPG I have ever played and I seriously recommend you give this game a shot if you haven't done so yet.In conclusion, this game has helped me gained inspiration to study game designing in the future. This game is by far what a true RPG should consist of, not because of its graphics or its fanbase, but for its storyline and mechanics. Therefore I give this game a 10/10!EDIT: Undertale's 1st anniversary is coming soon!
ก็สนุกดีและสะใจ
So awesome!!!!!!!!
oh yip mean game
gg
Awesome entertainment to kill sometime..!!!
it so fun but it can crash a litte bet but i say buy it now of later you can fight draogns and zombies and get lots of mods 
Amazeballs :3
This is a very depressing game, I recommend playing this game when something hasnt happend. I kinda wish that there was another ending. I deffiently recommend this game.
it is an amazing game with lots of nice people
I don't recommend this game. In my opinion, it's very boring. i played maybe around 15 minutes of it, not even that, and i ended up quitting the game.
Zaman geçirmek için bire bir, mantıklı düşünüp ona göre hamle yapmak gerekiyor;free olan bu oyunu asıl güzelleştiren ise "The Orange Box!" paketindeki Valvé oyunlarının bazı seçmece resimlerinin arkaplana ustaca yerleştirilmiş olması...
It very amazing!!!
its good.
addictive. too addictive.... just one more turn
Short Visual Novel. Good story but too short
Simple Controls+Good Backgrounds=Good Game
Such Russian,much ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥
Meh its okay seems better the average mmo out there that actually works on XPI just recently upgraded from windows 98 to Windows XP , works great !i happen to have gotten a mouse and keyboard too seems to be a minimal requirement apparentlyseems to run on 1 GB of ram just fine as well
Orcs Must Die Unchained is fun but I recommend you play with friends since it will get boring playing by yourself. It is glitchy and has proplems but it still in beta.
No MICROTRANSACTIONS
Best cod right now even though its not the newest!
Great game, but way too hard to master
Best game in the universe! 10/10 very competitive!
Its a good game :D 10/10 would get an innocent killed again
By far the worst game on Steam, never have I ever seen such a failure of a game, how can you push a game with Microtransactions and have such a pathetic excuse for a votekick system. Hackers nearly every single round, can't votekick anyone unless they're on your team though. Did I mention this game has Microtransactions? Yes, you can pay real life money to get crappy pay 2 win weapons, armour, etc; not that it matters, because the hackers have basic guns and infinite headshots.
this game is fun
So good :)
Good game
Amazing game! I would recommend :)Don't get sucked into the cases/keys and gambling it gives you a rush like you wouldn't believe and its hard to stop!!!If you want a skin buy it.
Game is buggy, crashes system, pay to win is everything, no chance to replay awful games in career mode, NO ONE plays multiplayer, massively overpriced
Yes
You know something isn't right when your computer struggles to run a 20 cent game...
This is sock.
but it could support slower machine's with 1.0 ghz
Love the game, Fun and enjoyable. Don't knock it till you try it!
GGwp
This is like real life, you can build anything and use half life weapons, also there are mods to get online.i have also heard you can create animations with this gamethis is one of my favourite games to play.
Pass the Whiskey
This game is a absolutely great game, but when it comes to competitive, you get ♥♥♥♥ed up extremely easily because of "smurfs". Smurfs in CS:GO is basically someone that is a high rank on their main account, but then they buy an alternate account and buy CS:GO on that account to play with unranked, or silvers, (First rank you start off with) I don\'t know why it\'s called smurfs but thats just what it\'s called. Besides competitive, this game is a master piece. The first 2 counter strikes were awesome and still are, but I would take CS:GO instead of the recent Counter Strikes. CS:GO brought in skins for the guns you use, ranging from 1 cent - 2000 up to 10000, (At the most) CS:GO is just a great game, and I would recommend you get this great game. And thats all I have to say, so Good luck, and have fun!
Suprising that a game released 10 years ago can ♥♥♥♥ on most these days . Grand strategy game . Awesome mechanics . Spy's , trading , diplomacy . And all for $2 . WORTH !
good game when it works
worth the money
This game is pretty sweet.
This game is awesome Valve you are awesome :D you are best
This game can be very fun. But sometimes, I wish there is a mode kinda like a mode in minecraft. "Creative mode". That is where you can have infinite everything. But that isn\'t my main concern. It is still very fun never the less and worth the money!
Игра хорошая советую всем играем с друзьями и наслаждаемся!!!
Great game
Great Game. Its the bomb and u should get BFBC 2 Vietnam To.
10/10 would derank again!
csgo is like masterbaiting with a rubber glove its painfull and rough but u learn to love it
awesome game that you can really sink time into. 100% wurth
of course
Before I played:＼＼ ＿\u3000\u3000 ＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) \u3000\u3000\u3000 <\u3000⌒ヽ \u3000\u3000\u3000/ \u3000 へ＼ \u3000\u3000 /\u3000\u3000/\u3000＼＼ \u3000\u3000 ﾚ\u3000ノ\u3000\u3000 ヽ_つ \u3000\u3000/\u3000/ \u3000 /\u3000/| \u3000(\u3000(ヽ \u3000|\u3000|、＼\u3000| 丿 ＼ ⌒)\u3000| |\u3000\u3000) /`ノ )\u3000\u3000LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ \u3000\u3000\u3000\u3000\u3000\u3000 \u3000ム｀ヽ / ノ) \u3000）\u3000ヽ / ｜\u3000\u3000( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ /\u3000ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく\u3000 ＼\u3000／ 丶＿ ノ ｡\u3000\u3000 ノ､\u3000｡|/ \u3000\u3000 `ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ \u3000\u3000\u3000 丶 ￣ _人'彡)Enough Said. Buy it you won't regret it.
Gmod is an amazing game, and I highly recommend it to anyone who can afford it. My most favourite gamemode on it is trouble in terrorist town, but your favourite is up to you.
way too much dlc
click heads; recieve skins
Dishonored is a great game, and I would truly recommend it. The story is quite enthralling, (however not quite explained completely) and the amount you are able to achieve through this character is very good. The controls can be quite slow at some points, but overall, the controls have a good layout. The abilities you will gain over the period of this game is amazing, with each being necessary for any playthroughs you do. Which brings me to another point. The fact you have a control over the way you complete the game, allows you to have a sense of freedom moving through the multiple areas,whether you go big and loud or quiet and sneaky is completely up to you, as is the way you do that. In conclusion, Dishonored is a great single player game, with well thought out abilities, controls, gameplay, and a deep and somewhat dark storyline. The only cons are the slight lag in movements and that the game may get a bit repetitive if you get stuck at certain points, although, the changing in scenery mainly avoids this problem.Dishonored is truly a great game.
Addictive.
love the game
This game is amazing to play with friends and can keep your attention for quick a long time. This is one of my favourite FPS games (First Person Shooter) and I highly recommend this game to anyone who taked intrest in FPS and cartoonie characters.If you do, this is the game for you.
10/10 ign - not call of duty
The new version of this game is incredible! i play it all the time....
♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥! ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥! ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥! ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥! Noob! Noob! Noob! Noob! Rush Mid! Need Support! Support! Please Support!? Buy Courier? COURIER!!!!! What's not to love?!
This game is amazing. So much fun and soooo much content. My personal likes are competitive and surfing.IF SOMEONE WHERE TO ASK ME IF I RECOMMEND THIS GAME.I WOULD SAY ♥♥♥♥ YEAH.
My first Game in Pc , a relic ♥
Great game.Really enjoyable.
This is a really fun TIME BASED RACING
10/10
This game had true potential... But because of the developers I can't really say that anymore, for now at least.- I cannot recommend this game in its current state
boss game play this son
fun
***Now, before I begin, I haven\'t played either of the two DLCs that add a couple extra missions.***Recently, during the Christmas sale I purchased XCOM: Enemy Unknown and proceeded to play the living crap out of that game pretty much making it rule my christmas. A few days later, I saw this game on my "Queue" and decided to go ahead and buy it.The Bureau: XCOM Declassified not only has a hard name to spell, but is also a great game for a prequel to Enemy Unknown and the general XCOM franchise. For the casual gamer, such as myself, this game provides quick-medium length missions which are generally 20-40 minutes, meaning I dont get stuck for hours in game like I do for say Civilizations V or Counter Strike: Global Offensive. If you\'re looking for a casual game that includes a very well-made squad command system that\'s not Star Wars: Republic Commando (Seriously, check it out, its amazing) and you don\'t mind the Third Person perspective, then this game is for you.BE WARNED! This game is not an "XCOM" game, quite far from it. It\'s a well made and fairly challenging prequel to EU. I\'ve been playing on Normal, but from what I\'ve gathered via others, Veteran mode is a fairly difficult challenge! Originally you will have some FPS issues if you\'ve got a toaster like myself. Set a couple of the Graphics settings to medium or low and you\'ll be hitting 60+fps in no time! Some of the early levels during this game are "retrieve this" or "save him" etc. But the mid to late stages of this game make it well worth it. The combat is relatively annoying at first, especially when you face the *******. Spoilers. Sorry. <3. For strategies/tactics I\'ve mainly relied on the Scout/Commando classes, due to their abilities being useful no matter where they are on the map. PROS:- Nicely Paced game that doesn\'t stray too far from what we know and love about XCOM- Agent Carter\'s Hat is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. If it gets knocked off, you can even hit "e\' on it to pick it back up. Amazing.- Fits in well with the Enemy Unknown Timeline IN CERTAIN PLACES. I\'ll come back to this later.- Nice Combat Mechanics and the Alien AI really knows what their doing- Set in the 60\'s, how many alien games are set during the Cold War/Vietnam War Era??- Squads can be trained up to reach high levels and you can collect alien equipment to arm them!- The Hat.CONS:- Storyline for me so far can be a bit clunky- Some fragments of the storyline dont fit with Enemy Unknown- Total Campaign is estimated at probably 10hrs of gameplay for a casual gamer, but this comes to personal preferance- Squad Commands are a bit hard to get used to- Can\'t keep Agent Carters hat on for the whole game :(Storyline Issues: ***SLIGHT SPOLER WARNING***While I do recognize that the XCOM Saga hasn\'t been known for its whole Lore shizzle whizzle, some things don\'t add up. During the events of XCOM Enemy Unknown, it is stated by Dr Vahlen that they have never seen these aliens before. Hang on a sec, this is set in the 60\'s while EU was in 2015? I realise that Firaxis/2k may not have anticipated that this game would overide their original script for EU. During Enemy Unknown, we must also research Plasma and Laser technology however, I can bring home weaponry that includes both laser and plasma based weaponry to conduct research. Overall, this game started out fairly well with me, but after a while it came out brilliantly. The story revolving around the main character is a bit clunky and doesnt make sense with EU and EW, however I\'d reccomend this game to the Casual/Competitive/Diehard XCOM Gamer who wants a 3rd Person Tactical Game that has the backing of a major developer such as 2k.Overall Rating: 7/10Thank you for reading this if you stayed this far! I\'ve been considering starting a curator page/YT Channel so let me know what you think!P.S: Muton Elites will literally destroy you unless you spam the living ♥♥♥♥ out of it.
de limonadas a empresas de petroleos e a lua
O jogo em si é bom eu adorei... Porem só pude joga-lo uma vez pq ele quando termina de carregar o mapa ele fecha do nada...
too easy game!
This game is amazing, got it for my birthday. Awesome features in perspective to Civ 4
เริ่มต้นจากการให้คะเเนนเลยเเล้วกัน  เนื้อเรื่อง คะเเนน   เนื้อเรื่อง 8.5/10   ความสวยงาม 9.5/10   ความหลากหลาย 9/10 อธิบาย: เนื้อเรื่อง : ถึงในตอนเเรกๆ การอธิบาย เนื้อเรื่องจะยังคุ่นเคือง เเต่กลับทำให้ดูน่าสนใจมากขึ้นตัวเกมส์จะค่อยๆอธิบาย ผ่านการเก็บ Memoryต่างๆ ในเเต่ละMemoryจะบอกเรื่องราวต่างๆของตัวเอกของเราว่า เคยมีผูกพันธ์กันอย่างไรเราจะเข้าในเนื้อเรื่องได้อย่างทะลุปรุโปร่งได้ในตอนจบ ความสวยงาม : ในส่วนตัวผมก็ชอบคุณภาพของภาพจำพวกนี้อยู่เเล้ว จึงทำให้ไม่ต้องสงสัยว่าทำไมผมจึงให้คะเเนนมากถึงขนาดนั้นส่วนคะเเนนที่หายไป ผมหักเพราะว่ายังมีจุดบกพร่องเล็กๆน้อยๆ ก็ตามนั้นเเหละความหลากหลาย : ถึงตัวเกมส์จะมีอาวุธให้เราใช้อยู่เพียงเเค่ 4อย่าง เเต่ก็มีของที่เอาไว้ถ่วงเวลาเเละป้องกันถึง2ชิ้น เเต่ละอย่างก็มีข้อดีเเละข้อเสียเเต่ต่างกันไป ตัวเกมส์มีลูกเล่นที่ชวนให้ผู้เล่นใช้ความคิดนั่นคือ การเเก้ไขปริศนาปริศนาของเขาก็จะมีการ ต่อรูปภาพ เล่นหมากรุก ซึ่งก็ยากอยู่พอสมควรหลังจากนี่ก็เป็นสิ่งที่จะบ่นนิดหน่อย :  มุมมองบุคคลที่1อะ ทำไมให้ใช้ได้เเค่ตอนอยู่ระหว่างชัดเตอร์ ของดีมีให้ใช้เเค่นิดหน่อยเอง T^Tตอนจบเกมส์ตังนี่ล้นอาวุธก็อัฟจนหมดเเละน่่าจะให้อัฟเกรดร่มได้ตอนสู้บอสตอนสุดท้ายเนี่ย!!!เลือดหายากไปไหมกว่าจะจบได้ เลือดตาเเทบกระเด็นบทสรุป : จะรอช้าอยู่ใยเล่า ซื้อสิ!! คุ้มที่สุดของที่สุดเเล้ว เนื้อดี ภาพสวย ตัวละครน่ารัก   รับลองว่าคุ้ม!!!!
OK
Fell through the floor and died10/10
Cities: Skylines experience in one word? Extraordinary.Cities: Skylines not only offers breath taking visuals, it also features captivating game play by implementing the most moddable options we've seen in a city sim to date. Without a doubt the asset editor is probably one of the most brilliant ideas included with this game. Ever play a city sim where some buildings are not to your liking, require too much space or you just don’t like the general set out of them? Not anymore, you can change absolutely everything to suit your preferences and gameplay style. Once you get taken into your citizen’s messages via chirper it is unbelievably easy to lose time whilst playing this game. I cannot tell you how much time I’ve spent re-routing traffic in order to get it working smoothly, so don’t be surprised if a quick fix for heavy traffic areas become a grand plan that takes more than the quick couple of minutes you had anticipated before starting. Cities: Skylines has completely revolutionised the whole genre of city sims. Keep in mind this is just the start of something great, I cannot wait to see what else can come of this genre after such a phenomenal milestone. 11/10
thank you for australian servers
Great game )__!__!_!_!_
You get used to 20 fps with constant drops.
You want a decent Half-Life 1 game that's cheap? Get this.
Awesome game! Great RPG with a very ineresting story!
Buy it. Support it. It's awesome. I will find you if you don't.^ Kek, what an old report.Personally I think you shouldn't play this game, although it might get better in a few years.I bought this game as soon as it came out, I bought the founders two pack. It was fun, pretty buggy, but it was full of promise. Skip forward a few years later. The game is worse. Lets talk about starting the game. The game is slow to start. Starting a game will take just as long, and when you get into the game itself, prepare for unoptimized slowness. The game runs terribly, is riddled with bugs and the devs generally don't add any new content. If this was developed by a good indie team, or an AAA team (Oh, did i forgot to mention they fired several people who worked at Bioware, and hired some scrubs?), it would be amazing. The concept is great, I would have really looked forward to this game shining, but the devs are horrible. I do not recommend this game.
Very nice game, great game tro play with friends
10/10 Would Defenally recommand
Half-Life is one of those games, a game you will spend hours on without even knowing. Its a game that has really left a impact on me as a gamer and is so good its still being talked about now. Half-life is a master piece in story telling and non-linear gameplay, and with its HD remake "Black Mesa" out now for free there\'s never been a better time to slip into your H.E.V suit for a Sci-fi, puzzle solving, alien and zombie killing EXTRAVAGANZA!!
 Dis gem is rlly guud with dem hackings and dem lvls. Also rlly guud soundtack I canz dance 2. 
i use to play this wen it first came out on steam. it is a great game stragity action and more stuff. very well done game i have to say.
BEST GAME EVER!!!
jogo muito bom para se jogar com os amigos
i recommend because i got a legendary
Waifu clicker9/11 - IGN
Addictive
บลาๆๆ
good!!
This game is all about the hats. The weapons in this game are balanced, and very fun to play with.I highly reccommend this game.
Otimo jogo com grande graficos e boa jogabilidade
Fistful of fun with no extra costs
As much as I would like to love this game, it just doesn\'t work for me!Every time I start the tutorial, it would crash after 3 seconds.I have tried reinstalling and all that stuff, but noting works.btw. my computer is on the low side of "types of computers".
In this game, you can ride the nose of a plane and leap off, only to parachute down watch the plane explode in the background. So, it's good. What else is there to say?
This game is to good 7.8/10 IGN Rating TOO MUCH WATER!!!
Best competitive FPS game ever created in the history of mankind. Buy it now and experiece heaven on earth. 
AWSOME GAME LOVE IT
I love Garry's Mod
♥♥♥♥&*)%^
kickass game!!
Easily one of my favourite games, extremely fun with a great narrator. Good variation and character development while still keeping an air of anonymity. Could spend lots more time but it doesn't have a very good post game.
very good gamei love it
Jogo da depressao
มันมากมาก
KFC's should drop their slogan and let skyrim have it.
Heaps of fun! Verry addicting, makes you wanna play more and more
like
amazine game  you can get a dubstep gun!
I love this game. I play CS 1.6 since 2003. People should know FrankieonPC1080p did not use script to do a Bunny Hop!
Good game.
ME ENCATA MUY BUENO 5 ESTRELLAS
Saucey
great game and entertained me for hours on end but lost interest in it after 6 months but i would recommened it for everyone
Dota 2 เป็นเกมส์ที่ใช้ทั้งฝีมือ Teamwork การเสียสละ และยังมีอะไรอีกมากมายในเกมส์นี้
By Far the best Assassin Creed I've played. Storyline is not the greatest but the free roam aspect of the game is really well done. Not to mention the awesome naval combat which is nothing short of outstanding. The idea of managing your ships crew, taking down and boarding other vessels is one elemnet which they really perfected in this game. The character customization could be worked on and their are a fairly small amount of weapon choices which could also be improved. The melee combat is one of the best ever with a wide range of moves and some awesome different stealth takedowns. Not to mention the amazing graphics which are one of the best i've ever seen, let alone in an Assassin Creed game. Overall I highly recommend this game, by far the best Assassins Creed and deffiently worth a play.
카에 쓰기 좀 어렵...
nice game
Verry Good
jogo muito bom!!!!
Realm of the mad god, A great mmo and rpg, i like it's '8 bit' style and the community, i defenetly recomend the gameThanks for reading!
After several years of my friends begging me to buy the game, many Gmod videos added to my favorites and many looks at the workshop, I finally got it. And you know what? Money well spent.Saying why this game rules is like saying why steam itself is an incredible game platform.There's not much of a story...at all. You just spawn in items and characters and do whatever the hell you want with it. And that's why this game is so cool. It's just you and your imagination where the sky is the limit. You can race a go-kart on a ferry with a Bioshock Big Daddy underwater with a Diamond Sword. If that's not a selling point for you guys, then I don't know what is.
terrible
Game is still in early access but dont waste your time on it yet just buy DayZ
This game has a lot to offer in terms of replay value, and unless you dislike the core mechanics of the game (random loots, random floor layouts, random levels of difficulty... random everything, really.) then you will find endless hours of entertainment in this game. For the price, it's a no-brainer to get this.
it iz fun, mi n laqwuaduh plai it heeps
9/10 Like skyrim with memes
Great game but servers nu work
Dankest Hour : Euphoria  '420-'69
Cool game, that will take you a very long time (10 Hrs+ on Prince diffuculty or above) to beat a game but you will feel like just play only a couple of hours. I'm recommened if you like to loss your soul for a day (or many days) from your life this game should be your best choice to play!
gay 69/10 would ♥♥♥ inside
This game is awesome!!!!
Love the non-euclidean geometry!
Es un buen juego de supervivencia si lo juegas en un servidor privado y con amigos es muy divertidopero si lo juegas solo en un servidor publico te sepillan a plomos por esa razon la mayor parte de los jugadores ya no juegan porq estan artos q los maten.Yo lo recomiendo eh , es un buen juego
Best Game Ever!!!!
Take my MONEH FatShark~HATS OR RIOT
It's a decent game with good graphic with a good story line and side quest that most of the time links up together with other quest. Character customization is pretty big and when you're bored you can download mods to enjoy them at you're spare time.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA SANDVICH
badass simulator with explosion and plane riding dlc
Such a phenomenal game, definitely a must-play for people who like platformers.It'll change your life.It'll also teach you how to read tetronimos.I recommend playing with a controller, as well.(also, get the soundtrack)
Like buiding well you might like this
This is the worst game i have ever played in my entire life.
เกมที่ยอดอิตติดอับดับ ของ steam ด้วย แถมเป้นเกมฟรี แนวหนุกๆอีกตังหาก ไม่เล่นไม่ได้แล้ว
เกมเล่นไม่ได้กากก
HAH funny
Pros - Everything Other Than The Cons.Cons - Russians, ♥♥♥♥, blatThat is All
its gud
♥♥♥♥ this game10/10
蛮好玩的游戏，和以前玩过的页游差不多，不过非常花时间
i like this game but i dont understand the ending of this game Btw i feel so sad at last
เป็นเกมส์ที่ดีมากเลย พัฒนาต่อไปเรื่อยนะครับเกมส์นี้เป็นเกมส์ที่กินเวลาการเล่นของผมไปประมาณ 1500+ ชั่วโมงเเล้วเล่นอย่างไรก็ไม่เบื่อเลยซักนิดท้ายนี้อยากบอกเพื่อนๆว่า ลองเล่นเกมส์นี้ดูเเล้วคุณจะติดใจ
♥♥♥♥ game none/10 bad game.Causes severe fits of rage,torrets,lack of knowing how to spell torrets,agressive bowel movements and raging boners nice graphics style with nice enviroments blocked by the natures prophet ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ trees 10 out ten mums would reccomend to teens for relieving their teem angst and stress.Dont buy bad game.Edit: holy ♥♥♥♥ that's cancer
Tried it once, it's aight
Really fun game if you play with friends and a lot of extra maps from workshop!
awesome and good grafics!
this is how to play:get 6000000000 jetsget fast wheelsput 1 gun on itbe 2fastcool
Just a heads up to any and all who intend to play Warframe.I have had to battle my way through Paypal/Warframeto get a refund back because of lacking information on the forums to do with a product.It started with just a refund of ingame money, due to no reply for almost a month, i demanded a refund of real money back.Not going into details of what the case was.Paypal, have sided with me, after 14 business days saying my claims are valid and i have a right of refund.Warframes response was to suspend/Ban my account for 20 years, due to this.Just a massive warning to any and all who play this game, they show no compassion nor do they care for your rights as a person. Yes the game is free great, but all they want is your money, the second you ask for a refund due to a real reason, they will bite you in the butt and throw you under the bus.Share this so people are aware, free to play really is not all that great, and warframe have shown that.Due to legal rights at this point in time, i'm unable to show the conversations i've had between paypal and the warframes support until the case is completed.
Esse jogo é muito louco
หาเงินยากมากเลย
This is a awesome free game. Very funny aswell as in fighting giant chickens...It runs on everything to a crappy laptop to a alienware computer it will run!!10 out of 10.
Really REALLY Love this game
LOVE IT
WHHHHHHYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Good Game! Buy It!
CAll of duty ghost was crap, I rather eat a card bord box filled with light bulbs then play this crap game ghost again. not joking this game was realy bad.
E tão legal que eu  sinto tesão quando jogo
Would r8 8/8 m8
one word. epic
Very good game, but unfortunatly at the moment while the game is in alpha some code and aspects of the game need to be fixed to then make a tremendous game. Also do not go into this game being someone that wants their loot for ever, this is not the game for you!
Titanfall 2 black ops is a great game if your a 12 year old child with ADD, who can\'t shoot and enjoys spraying and praying. If however you are above the age of 12, then this game blows.!. No aim required, the hit boxes register even if you are not aiming at the target.2. pressing C allows you to dive into the target, making it impossible for them to shot you, which sucks if your the once aiming and the other person is pressing C and spraying.3. weapon range doosn\'t matter at all, such as an SMG is as power as an assault rifle, mainly due to the small map size of most maps.4.Small maps. why give me a dam sniper rifle class, for small maps?5. class specials, not even needed and only really promotes the female classes.6. Maps are the same as previous COD\'s and even very similar to titanfall7.They borrowed an awful lot from crysis, there is a black charactor called prophet, and a charactor called nomad, who are exactly the same as the charactors in Crysis. 8. weapons don\'t feel like weapons, they feel like broken nerf guns.9. no tutorial on what does what, no screen that explains what the buttons do.10. this game is so fast pace you would why they added a feature that allows you to scroll into your site of your weapon.This game really just feels like every other COD game after COD:MW1, its just a FPS for hypoactive kids, who are high off red bull and looking for an excuse to cry out "noob." Outside of that it really is hard for an young adult to find any kind of fun with this game, as it is just so overly paced for a shooter.
Funny as hell game, Can turn into a ultimate cluster-♥♥♥♥ of traps then monsters within a few seconds.If you are going to play this game, better playing it with others which improves the enjoyment which can be found from a game as simple as this.
it makes no sense but why not the only thing that makes sense is the fact that you get damaged by you're own rockets i would recomend this anyday
love this game
Makes Civ V good
such an addictive, fun and beautiful looking game.
totes fun
One of the best games I have ever played. There is some mild repetition, but not much. 9.90/10
Sale = Cheaters Cheats = Scrubs Scrubs = Bad playersBad Players = Me Me = SadSad = DeathDeath = CriCri = PoodiepiePoodiepie = MLGMLG = CoD:GhostsCoD:Ghosts = FunBack to Xbox to play CoD Ghosts Pc sux
Awesome !!
โลกที 3 ของผมสนุกกับการปลูกต้นไม้สร้างบ้านล่าของหาดาวใหม่ๆอยู่อัพของอัพยานอัพบ้านอัพตัวเราเองเป็นเกมทีสนุกพอๆกับมายคราฟเลยชอบมากกก 10/10 :D
terable framerates on high with a OC 290 20-40 fps, this game should not be this hard to run, it is in need of a patch.
good game :)
GOOD GAME
i love this game
Great game, fast paced action.
Possibly the best EVER Total war game !!
Best game. Very artistic style, never gets boring. Full of surprises, requires quick planning and thinking. I love it.
flare gun op
amazing.. simply amazing :D couldnt be happier
So much story. It's in-depth and is actually a relatable plot.kek.
♥♥♥♥ ina me mid bobo
this is an amazing game!!! co op is epic and multiplayer is amazing. the ai throw way to much smoke and can be really anoying but that is the only bad thing.. highly recomend it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
BORDELANDS 2 ES UNA ONDA DE JUEGO NO ESTA E INGLES EL FINAL ES EPICO COMPRENLO POR QUE PUEDO JUGAR CON AMIGOS :D
I love this game, I play it ALL the time trying out new songs, trying to beat old records, using new skins and gamemodes, it's so addicting! Anyone who likes music and gaming should definetely check this out!
What's not to love about adorable slimes?Trap them in a cage and get coins!
Very surprised by the positive response to this game. Heavy stuttering despite the absolutely horrible graphics. Textures are bland and of low quality.Sound design is nothing special.Gunplay is also bland and unsatisfying. The guns feel like they have no weight to them.
Dear haters,If you dont wanna play this game then play other game or set gore to off.
scary :/
8.5/10
The game was a pretty good game because it was basicly a co-op game third person shooter
Um ♥♥♥♥ jogo!
Extremely fun!
Can drive cars 10/10
Hit my friend with a jeep with C4 attached to it in co-op. JihadiJeep/10
well i have been play this game a while they're very fun and have a great story , i recommend you guy this game is fun to play with friend :)
Monsters were found, giggles were had.Hunters were found, screams were had.10/10 would wake up my wife again.
Esse jogo me impressionou.Comprei o triple pack,escolhi esse para zerar primeiro.Os gráficos são incríveis,efeitos visuais bons,uma história envolvente e um pouco confusa/difícil de entender,com uma trilha sonora ótima.Recomendo a todos.Obs:Comprem na promoção ta caro para ******...
Esse jogo me impressionou.Comprei o triple pack,escolhi esse para zerar primeiro.Os gráficos são incríveis,efeitos visuais bons,uma história envolvente e um pouco confusa/difícil de entender,com uma trilha sonora ótima.Recomendo a todos.Obs:Comprem na promoção ta caro para ******...
I've been playing for about 5 days now and this game is amazing! No glitches, great fun graphics and a huge array of weapons to find. The crafting is deep and challenging and I find a great sense of achievement as I progress. The zombies are a real threat as well, one moment your peacefully searching for berries and the next you are surrounded by hordes of flesh eating monsters. All in all this game is immense, well made, updated regularly and full of atmosphere. Definetly a 10/10!
Great Game!
Awesome Game to Play with friends! Especially F2P!!
THIS GAME IS AWESOME
More australians need to play multiplayer because this is an awesome game for having a muck around in. Even playing againts the bots is quite a difficult task but they play more naturally and doesn't seem like they are realy bots. If that makes sense :)
yes
this game is awful and i regret purchasing it
Played it on free weekend once, i have to say it is a wonderful game. I think that Zues hads a good potential at taking a new perspective to the Arma series throughout the years, the strategy involved Arma's first person was wonderful but now making in top down, was a very good investment. i truly enjoyed it.
When it comes to star wars games there are always the two big ones that comes to everyones mind. KOTOR is most certainly one of those game 20+ hours of amazing star wars content that is easy to get into 9/10
Awesome game!  To me, Loadout is an EXTREMELY customisable version of tf2 with a bit more cartoon blood just like Borderlands 2.  The range of weapon and character customisation isenormous and the fact all weapon customisation options are available to all people is AMAZING.  Gameplay is fun and very fast-paced making for quick and exciting combat that is excellent esoecially for casual gamers.  Only down sides are that character customisation costs (unless you get items through daily prize) and sadly it is difficult at times to find an active match of humans vs. humans.  Apart from these, Loadout is a fantastic game many of you should try.7.5/10 - Very Good
Definetely Worth looking at if you like Dayz
I preordered this game and played for a minute or two. The game is a decent port however thing is the steam store page say it contain English subtitles when in fact it does not.I am deaf and I need the subtitles to play. I am disappointed and haven't touched the game since then.
Totally addictive game. Cannot recommend this more. Thanks guys!
Great atmosphere, highly addictive. Interesting storyline with religious conspiracy.Soundtrack is nice too.10/10
Game is impeccable, community is toxic. That is all.
one of the best game ive ever played
Great Game,Cons:When trying to play online player you have to create a server which is frustrating. The game can get really laggy when there are loads of enemies.Recently I got an error whenever i try to open the game stopping me, still haven't fixed thatApart from that though, the game is well worth its price and is a great timewaster!
Its  An Awesome War game thet actually puts you in in the cockpit of the plane......hehe cockpit
THIS GAME IS.............. AWESOME!!!!!!!!!! OH WORDPLAY!!!!!!\rBUT YEAH THIS GAME IS INCEREDIBLE WITH THE AMOUNT OF CHAARACHTERS AND INTENSITY OF EACH MATCH IT TRULY IS AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!OH WORD PLAY
pls buff deagle
I played this game 4 months after it was released (I played in 2012) and I loved it, but unfortunately I had to stop playing after my launcher wouldn't allow me to play the game, so I stopped altogether.I thorougly enjoyed this game when I played it, even though I was bad at it, it was still a great game to play every now and then.I personally give this game a 8.9/10There are just some bad things I didn't like about Blacklight: Retribution, but it was still a good game overall.
good way to kill time with ur friends .....
good way to kill time with ur friends .....
absolute garbage, can't believe i wasted my money.
Go and goat this game. Don't make the goat cry.
Very good and has great potential for mods
Really fun game, reminds me of the old times of cs 1.6 etc
Ive just Bought this Game For almost a hundred bucks and 1. Its Taken Me 4 hours to download to 90% Before Restarting and begining From 50%!!! 2. Then after having the game it took another hour to load the first Mission in storymode (Which crashed For no reason halfway through and i had to re-load again and play the mission.3. i finally got to avatar creator on Online Mode When it repeatedly Crash again. the game then came up with a warning saying the game was curupt and now im Re Downloading it. ive wasted 2 days and 100 bucks. Thx
I only recommend this game if you get it for less than $1. I'd be very unhappy if I paid full price for this game.Quite repetitive, you'll pretty much play through every map a few times in a few hours and get bored.
quick good game fun to play with friends and well executed. great game!
This game's graphics is ok but it's really not worth $30. The only thing you get to do is a couple of missions, that's it.
Best Storey Line... Same Recomending for the First Seoson
Short but compelling game. A wonderful exploration of what it means to be human. You find yourself caring more and more about the people you discover in the story and empathising with their joys and disappointments as if you knew them intimately. The game does a brilliant job of putting you in your character's shoes and developing each character that's represented at a pace that feels natural and unhurried. I'm sure a story that is shockingly real to many people, which makes it so so easy to relate to.Probably not for those who don't enjoy 'interactive stories.'
very good
very god yays
Expect to shell out 155 for the full game, now they have added p2wNot worth it.
Love this game! If you wish you were alive and a soldier during medieval times like me, you'll love this! XD
WARNING: ANGRY RANTToo be honest Ubisoft has been burning the bridge for a while now. But now there is nothing left to burn. Microtransaction and companion apps to open chests ingame are immersion breaking. I with a 970 cant even run this game without turning down the graphics way down until the game looks like ♥♥♥ and yet still the game refuses to run for 10 min before it has some dumbass problem that kills the game.And that's not even mentioning the bugs and Glitches that you will stumble across within 10-20 min of gameplay, Ac unity in its current full released stage is more broken, buggy, glitchy than Star Citizen which is in its pre-aphla/aphla stage.Months after full release and Ubisoft is apparently trying to fix the game from crashing (so says the giatn headlines). This is ridiculous, i payed $50 (sympathy fro those who payed full price) for an unfinished game, im wouldnt be surprised if that the next Assasins Creed got no attention at all.The Combat, stealth and freerunning system are all pretty much the same with no fresh ideas, what Ubisoft has done is pick up everything from the trash can, put it in a new setting and pushed out a game that deserves nothing.-4/15 Would never reccomend this to anyone.P.S if your wondering y i have almost no hours is becasue i cant even run the game on mediuem/low for 10 min with my brand new computer GTX 970, 16GB rammUbisoft Rest in peppironies.
It might be realistic, but the community is utter ♥♥♥♥. You got old men who think they know all about the game. And ♥♥♥♥♥♥ admins telling you not to quickswitch, for no reason. While, the gameplay is absolutely amazing, the community just ruins the game's reputation. Do Not Get This Game (Unless you want to belong in a community where WW2 ♥♥♥♥ gather).
You got realistic gameplay, challenging obstacles and up to 7 other players that can cooperate with you in your survival of the undead. Heaps better zombie apocalypse experience than L4D2 IMO.
I really recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a little fast paced game and platformer, I really like the art style and everything in it like the ships, customizing character, level editor, etc.
im good at this game lol
Because everyone loves buying pixels for $$$ :D
I think the scouts a hot ♥♥♥♥.
Good veryvery Game
A great fps to start of, but remember if you have hats or unusuals, it means u get bonus dmg on all ur weaps so make sure u get them
herpes and genitals is a very good game reccomend good yes yes
Amazing game, as everyone already knows. 9/10
its a game
Frustrating mechanics, annoying enemys, unfunny announcer. Don't waste your money
Spent 8 hours playing so far, and getting more and more drawn into the storyline. Very interesting, atmospheric, and sometimes freaking terrifying. Would recommend.
I love Team Fortres 2. I've played for easily over 2000 hours, and it is a very community based game, lots of groups, players and servers who stick together and play reguarly with each other. (At least in Australia)There are several modes to this dymanic game, Capture the Flag, Deathrun, Saxton Hale, Jailbreak, and endless more. They have an amazing trading based system with new items coming out fairly reguarly. This game will remain in my top favourites for long to come.
Batman's trip to the asylum has hardly any flaws. The controls fit perfectly and the missions will entertain you every second you play this game. Buy it, play it, love it.
Men this is cool
um jogo gratis e ainda é muito bom
Boderlands 2 is a great game to have a fun and high octane shooter with your friends or even man it yourself. THe game has a great sense of progress as you continue on your journey to stop Handsome Jack you cmoe across a wide range of enemies. Every gamer who plys this game will have that sense of power as they come from klling weak enemies to taking on bosses and badasses. THis a great gme for anybody who wants a shooter with tons of loot and a seemingly endless amount of content. This game is a must have.
un muy buen juego de la segunda guerra mundial tiene buena musica buenos aviones  tankes y mas
This was a nice game that certainly shows promise, the acting is a little bit..erm..."B"...grade, but if you look past it, the storyline is definately there. This game is too short and leaves a massive cliff hanger at the "end" telling you there will be more to come (when, what, why???). follows the Human revolution skill tree style for your augmentations, but seems limited in comparison. this may only be because of the length of the game (its a $10 or less game). If your looking for a taste of the Deus Ex franchise this game is certainly a nice but subtle taste of the world. You will find the morals and ethics of Augmentation described very well, with more insight into the "human" aspect of augmentation.I would like to rave on about how this would give insight into what the future could be like, but there is just not enough meat on the bone of this game (not like Human Revolution) but with some more "episodes" this should turn out well. The combat is okay, but slams it home that regardless of your Characters "skills" and background, going in guns blazing is almost never a good idea, you can manage fairly well if you have cover and the right gun, but stealth and non-lethal measure seem to be the key to getting things done. You aim is terrible until you get the Augmentation for both aim and recoil, but upping your cloke and silent running seems to be more effective, and as long as you have the energy, a takedown is more effective anyway. I will not harp on too much more, as the rest can be decided by yourself. I do recommend this game, but take it with an open mind and do not expect AAA game dev, but this is a nice little look into the world of Deus Ex as it currently stands.6/10
Half life 2 is a great game and a great sequel to the original Half life.There are certain parts where you might have to do a puzzle or even play fetch with a giant Robotic beast.Overall i rate this game 10/10
this is a very good game ;)
I think no more room in hell is a brilliant game.it's a co-op fist person zombie survival shoot em up game with different maps and challanges.the feel of the game is great with the zombie horde pounding on the doors and fires burning in the buildings and a complete lack of electicity, and not to mention the moaning of the zombies, giving the game an overall creepy atmosphere.The interface is rather like that of hl2 but the weapon choosing panel differs from the original game making it much more user friendly.Over all a great mod for hl2 and i deffinately recommend it to other gamers.
 What I Like + Hand Drawn Graphics are unique + Voice Acting and Sound Effects+ Makes Snake fun again+ Gameplay+ Missions+ Jokes are good  What I Don't Like - Jokes can get repetitive- The game is really short- The is no resolution customization  Final Score  NotGTAV is a good game but it has some issues that need to resloved  BUT  you should probably buy this game because all profits made goes to charity
Awesome, Dont have to say anything else. Its just Pure fun!Just watch out for gangs though, there Ruthless 12 Year Olds that cant fire i weapon for their life.
best game ever
It made me cry... :v
Perfect display of the way of life = dont trust anyone
This game is really fun fps game. I have played a lot od fps this is my 1st in list of great fps games. This game is a very skill based game which means there is no sparying well thre is but it is abad idea
A good game with the ability to be very easy for very casual players or very extreme and complicated for awesome competitive plays
play this game it is only $10.00 and is really fun go try it
The best of FPS *-*
Simply gaming mechanic.. but the skill tree is bigger then Skyrims! And far more comlex! 10/10 did buyp.s don't cheat use a mouse
The best word to describe Verdun would be; Brutal. But in a very, very good way.Overall opinion: Fantastic, historical, a damn good game and well worth the price! If it's on sale, it's a must!Verdun one of the most historically acurrate games I've ever played, from being hit by gas attacks, to being shot mid stride and  watching your body slump down into the mud and battling it out in trench warfare on some of WWI most know battlegrounds. Most weapons are extremly satisfying to use, with most rifles downing a charging enemy or and entreched one in one shot, Pistols maybe taking 2 shots on average but having the advantage of being semi-automatic, making pistols extremly formidable even at long range. This game will make you work, espically in the trench warfare mode, where this game comes into its own. You will push up to cover or the enemy trench, most likely die in the process but you know you'll do it again, because there is that chance you will make it into that cover or arrive into the enemy trench, bayonet at the ready. Verdun succeeds in creating a very tense atmosphere from merly lying in no-man's land waiting for your squad or slowly creeping through the enemy trench, knowing that your probably going to get shot from behind. You and your team will have to rtry and detremine which part of the enemy trench is the least defended or create a space for your team mates to enter. The teams I have played on, usually worked together I havent really noticed much toxicity which is a postive thing and I hope it stays that way. Although it can be daunting for new players, as getting shot from seemingly no where can be frustrating and not hitting your mark on long shots because you werent compenstating for bullet drop and travel time can be slightly, Most players will pick things up like compesation and not standing straight up at the edge of your trench or in the middle of no-man's land. Overall this is a history buffs wet dream and damn good shooter, very solid for an early access game although its missing a few minor things. I'd love to see them add more battlefields and more forces, like Gallipoli which would hopefully cause the Dev's to add the ANZAC forces to the game for which the Australian and New Zerland members of the community would be very grateful for, also the addition of more blood and gore would add to the already fantastic immersion. I'm sure the Dec's will continue to polish and improve this game and I cant wait to see what it becomes! 
Starbound Is a very good game and I can only see it getting better as it's beta helps Chuckle Fish iron outs bugs and game play
The best most balanced and amazing multiplayer of all! Whats the point of considering gettin it? it's Free! and it would be worth every penny if it wasn't
TOO GUD BUY THIS GAME GG WALLET
Rich story that's full of twists and a great soundtrack that really takes you into the game. Must buy!
i miss old rust
The best
GET IT. that is all.
Thinking with Portals = Success and with that 7.5/10You woke up in a mysterious lab, where excatly are you?Your Name is [INSERT SUBJECT\'S NAME HERE] and you need to find a way to complete all "19" test (levels) in [INSERT LOCATION HERE] with a help with the portal gun and you wont be able to survive without the portal gun.plus there\'s also challenging maps and advance chamber maps too, think you be able to do the challenge?This is a puzzle game made by steam and it\'s gonna keep you busy for hours and make sure you are thinking with portalsThe game maybe short but if you looking for achievements then you may have a long timeDon\'t forget to buy Portal 2 as well, meet me again for my next review which is Portal 2!
Spinos make me want to ♥♥♥♥ing kill myself10/10
Traded money for hats and a rabbid raccoon11/10 Hats are love. Hats are life.
Single-player swords & magic Action/RPG. Amazing array of mods available (I am currently running 160+ mods - some of which I created myself). Warning: Modding can become as addictive as the game itself.
First of all good game but i would give my heart to thius game if they fixed the lag i run a i7 6700 and a gtx970m but im still getting major lag spikes. I would definitely play this game if they fixed the lag
HOW DO I SHOT WEB!?
Great gameplay, storyline, graphics. Feels MMO-ish, in a way. That is a good thing
Ótimo jogo ^^
OHIE ZHY MIRA ESE OGT PAPA :v HAiLGRASA 10/0 PAPI NO YA ES TAN SUAVECITO
A great and addictive game!!
I've had to Hard reset computer 5 times in a row - game does not run but it good at crashing system - haven't got to play a minute of it yet - buyer beware
The game, For me whenever i try to play it (I have reinstalled it many times) When i look around when the game starts, It always crashes, Please fix this issue so that it is at least playable, I have been anticipating for this game for some time and please, Fix this.
LoL is #1 moba
"It looks lame, but it is the most fun I\'ve had in a video game in about 5 years." Those were the words uttered to me by a friend. At first, I was skeptical.But after cleaning all the ♥♥♥♥ off my desk, computer and surroundings, I can tell you - he wasn\'t lying.
Game is fun, a bit unbalanced with certain items and classes but fun none the less.There are a few issues with UI when you are running a non standard 16:9 resolution, other games such as LoL and even Smite have none of these issues.I have a 2560x1080 resolution and am forced to play in 1920x1080 as the UI takes up 1/2 the screen in 2560x1080, similar issues with 16:10 reported on forums over a year ago.
not much i can say its a good game and i recommend it. :)
The Last Remnant is quite a good rpg game that sometimes makes you think "what did I do wrong?". Although the boss fights were pretty challenging in the end it was an enjoyable but frustrating experience
Holy crap!
Great game, a new twist to any shooter game ive played, great mutliplayer and free to play.This is a free game, but you can spend money. The spending of money is not a rip off, but i would not reccamend it (also wouldnt not recomend) Everyone should experience a game like this, SO GET PLAYING!9.5/10 (I had troubles moving through thenmission selection)
Really funny stuff! Great game for people with a humorous imagination, fun game to play with your mates. I like just about every aspect of this game, except some controls are a bit complicated. NOT FOR DUMB PEOPLE WITH NO SENSE OF HUMOR. Lots of props from games like TF2 and the Half Life series. 8/10
GREAT GAME COOL MECHANICS ZOMBIESSSSS BLOOODDD AND KILLING FLOOR WHAT MORE COULD U WANT. REAL GOOD GAME ALREADY DURING EARLY ACCESS AND VERY STRATEGIC GGWP EASY 9/10 CANT WAIT FOR MORE CONTENT
It's great 8/8
Best game i have ever played
Excellent game recommended for people who like MOBA (Massively Online Battle Arena) games it involves teamwork as well as skill inorder to play this game and although it takes quite some time to master and learn the basics of the game, but once you get the hang of it, it really is something interesting. Although the community is a little toxic and harsh however, once you get to the higher levels or you play with friends it will definately be an enjoyable experience. Overall i rate this game a game worth trying as it is really a gem in itself and be it old or new players there is always something new to learn :) . 
Recomendo porque é ♥♥♥♥ e tchau .
It's free for now..
topstuff
really AWESOME BRUV
Great Game
mATE IT HREAT AND APS with paes.IDK what the hell i was saying it good
Headshot simulator
Counter-Strike:Global Offensive is a tactical firat person shooter. I personally enjoy CSGO, because how it is a mix between aim and strategy. This allow this game to much more in depth and enjoyable. Also, CSGO has every gun available from the start, so no player has an advantage. This makes CSGO all about how good you are, and your team. Teamwork is essential in CSGO. Thats is something I find is needed in todays games, working as team not indiviudally. CSGO is a very well thought out game and will always be remebered by me and the gaming community
A great game (shooter adventure and it's fun) also it's free :)
I am doing this to get the badge.
I think that this game is fantastic, for those complaining about the entry cost, think of it this way, those who own the original get it for much cheaper like an expansion pack, it's not uncommon for a game to release such a pack with only a handful of units and some tweaks to the base game, ala SOASE and SupCom FA and SupCom 2 infinite war. The titan's are a fantastic addition to the game and allow for better assaulting of an enemy homeworld
Beautifully designed game, ♥♥♥♥ing awesome, well worth $14.99
I give it 7/10 Allahs
I was born because my farther was thirsty 10/10
this game sucks, you cant even jump
Where did the hours go!?
Almost as good as cocaine.
So far this game is very promising, it doesnt punish you when early on but the mechanics are a bit difficult to learn. Great game overall, would recommend to all diehard fighting game fans out there
brilliant game, perfect shooting mechanics that any call of duty franchise player will hate
Man, just some few hours of gameplay and I've become addicted to this game. This is like Bulletstrom meets Borderland on a Looney Tunes style cartoon
Jung died, Micheal watched and Gabrieal had a floating gun would suck again Johnny Christ out of 10.
Basically if you enjoy the previous games (original CS and Counter Strike Source) you will definitely enjoy CSGO refined graphics and game play. If your new to FPS games or new to the CS franchise then GSGO would be or should be your pick I highly recommend this games to anyone who FPS games and CSGO probably be one of the best FPS Games out there in the gaming world therefore Yes and Buy it because it bloody amazing.
best team tactics game out on steam. if you want a shooter, buy this. absolute 5 star rating!
Amazing game from when you are bored or hvae nothing else to do. It is long as hell and is so fun.8/10
I've had cobalt since mojang first mentioned it. It has came a long way since then keeping everything that made the game great. It's something I'd love to play more often, however, it's definately a social game in my opinion. Not having any friends who have this game makes playing it quite hard unfortinately. It may say I have a small amount of time played, but that's because I just got the code for steam. I've had it downloaded for years now, and it has seased to amaze me!
Team Fortress 2 is very awesome! Good graphics, very enjoyably and addictive! Hope that the game will go well in the future but, there are some things that's kinda out of hand. First is the community pricing about items, damn the price just keeps higher and higher! It's getting out of control. Besides that, everythings is all good! Get this game! #RatedM
Best game has guppys in it that drop money. You also get to shoot things :D
Very good with lots of mods aswell, the game never gets old
I was a goat 10/10
I'm really enjoying Counter Strike. It's a little hard to begin with, but still really fun!
Looks like an awesome game with heaps of potential.  Requires a high end computer though!!
Really fun game, with really cool devs. Im interested to see what they implement next.
Amazing Game I love it
This is one of my favourite games by far at this point in time, and I very much doubt that much will change my mind any time soon.  Why wouldn't you want to create space colonies, space stations, refuelling stations, rovers, planes, space planes and etc.  The mod support is fantastic. Most mods seem to be compatible with most versions. I have never had a mod clash with this game personally, and that's all due to the mods all being installed into the one folder. This prevents clashes and makes it easier for anyone wanting to install mods.I t may not be for everyone, but I do recommend it.
It a good game get it
Really fun, would definately recommend buying this game!
Is it just me? Or is this the best classic game ever!
this is the one game i have found ever, where the hardest difficulty in my opinion makes it easier to play if my word was worth anything i would give it 10/10.
i love this game and it is fun to play with friends
nice game
KAMIKAZE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Great game.Outstanding graphics.10/10
This game is a very Complex game perfect for fans of MMORPG's. It has so many little things that make you want to spend eternity in the world. I would like to see this game have to capabilities for Vitrual Reality in the future. That would make this game 111/10 Pros:A lot of amazing featuresMassive Worlda lot of varietyCan FlyCons: Takes a while to get the combat mechanics downCan get lost easily
This game is soo good! Its like space minecraft but 100% better. I strongly recommend this game and it is a fantastic price. I rate it 10/10. :)
High quality, fast paced, tight, dog fighter. Constantly being updated with a great reddit community. Worth a play.
beta review:I am not going to compare this game to the other total wars as they have nothing in common but that it just feels like a crappy wannnabe of clash of clans and game of war. It would be decent playing this game on the go but why should you when so many better games on iphone and android are out there.
The Best F2P Game
It's good that I could play a game with such originality and depth at the same time. The game is puzzle-oriented, like life is (hint-hint). What you do with those puzzles is up to you, and you do have the option of negotiation this time. Prepare for very emotional moments, or lack thereof if you are a psycho.
great game
It's good that I could play a game with such originality and depth at the same time. The game is puzzle-oriented, like life is (hint-hint). What you do with those puzzles is up to you, and you do have the option of negotiation this time. Prepare for very emotional moments, or lack thereof if you are a psycho.
great game
awesome but we need a big island!
played a little and it was meh.
Its boring as ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥
I believe this game has some great potential and is generally going in the right direction. I will be interested in the way they will implement the 'Thirst' system as currently water is pretty hard to find. I think one of the biggest problems with this game is hackers and 'Naked' hunters. But this can be solved by good administration and some fair rules. Personally speaking, i would recommend this game to anyone looking for a good, realistic survival game with great multiplayer and interesting features.
No, just don't buy it. You will have a terrible time.
Definitely recommended this game!  It feels like robbing a bank (not legally cuz it's a game) with your trusted best friends (or strangers) I'll give 7 outta 10  :3
This game is beutiful BUY IT NOW!
I have never played Fortunate Son so much in my life. best $10 of my life.
Its an okay game, but as of this review it has so few people playing it can't actually be experienced as a multiplayer game.
Que decir de este gran juego?? Comence a jugarlo alla por 2002, y he vuelto a jugarlo ahora, y me satisface tanto como antes.
Do you like building things? Do these things need to be funtional? Do these things complicated (in releation to invetory movement rotating parts? Do you like ramming? Do you like useing somthing youve made to blow stuff up? Do you like survivals? Do you like Space sims?Said yes to anything of these. Then maybe you like it. If you said yes to some then consider deeply. If you said yes to all Buy it now!The Devs are very active useally putting out an update with new and geat features every 7 or 8 days or so.Come bring your freinds for a more coop or vs.
This game is simple yet is complex. One of the greatests sandboxes ever
FUS RO DA AND YOULL LOVE THE GAME MORE THAN A FLUFFY DOVAKIN
Good game
It took me 1 month to actually run the game, but was not worth it at all. It lacks support from the developers. So i recomend getting Farming Simulator 2013
hs
Trade Fortress 2. Now free. Keys not included...
perfect ！！！
One of the most beautiful games I've EVER played, and one of the most challenging. Arma III is an essential game for any would-be FPS player as it exclusively immerses the player and requires co ordination and immense teamwork. I recommend it simply because it is a beautiful game.
This is a fun game and has some really great and competitive multiplayer.There is alot of humor put into this game and I think it is plain funny, and overall outrageously fun.
This game was an entry in the 48hour game challenge. Yes, this game was made in 48 hours. Don't let that turn you off.I haven't had this game for long, but I already LOVE it. It's like trying to perform surgery with a dead arm. If you want a game that is impossible to master and will leave you in stitches, get Surgeon Simulator. If you want to shoot birds at pigs, this is the wrong game.
If you are into visual novels with lots character development and character interaction that leaves an impact than this game is not really for you. But in retro-spect if you are planning on going to japan and are a male (wink wink, nudge nudge) then this will help you with things to do around the Tokyo region and Kyoto region with a slight romance story to break up all the travel facts and Japanese history. i would recomend this to people who are interested in traveling to Japan for a short period of time but not to people who are into highly thought out and developed visual novels unless you want something quick and easy to follow with only slight emersion. I'd give it about a 6 out of 10 because the romance aspect had some fairly well thought out moments and it gave me a good insite into sight seening in Tokyo and the regions around it.
Saltier than a salt mine. I can't tell you how many times I've felt like ragequitting. 9/11
An interesting game for both casual and hardcore gamers, inducing the strategic side of your brain. Civilisation V is the type of game that one plays when they have a few hours to spare, each session lasting between 5-10 hours, sometimes even 20. Although this may seem quite daunting to those who haven't experienced the joy of defeating barbarians that have ravaged your land and taken your workers for over 1000 years, the game is captivating enough to make time fly, literally ingame and out, as in 1 turn is 100 years, get it... Bad jokes aside, the game is designed brilliantly, containing beautiful graphics, allowing players to view the board in a 3d or strategic way. When you first load up the screen and you see buttons and words on all 4 sides of the display, don't be discouraged by this, I will admit that for a board game, it has far more mechanics then one would normally expect, including things such as technology trees, policies, productions, settling, etc. the list could go on forever! But these rules and ideas can be picked up pretty quickly, seeing as how you will be playing it for many hours, and this allows for another aspect of the game, Discovery. You will find that initially the map will seem quite small, sometimes even wondering 'How are we gonna spead out and conquer the world with this minute amount of land'. But as you start building troops and scouts and boats, you quickly realize how small your city is compared to the land that awaits you, granted the map size and pace of the game can all be changed in the game settings. The multiplayer mode can also be one of the most ridiculous (in a good way) way of finding out the true nature of your friends, whether it be through them starting a war with you, forming an alliance, plotting with you to backstack some other poor friend that you both think might win the game. The multiplayer mode, I have found, becomes a better tutorial than the tutorial that the game has to offer, allowing you to learn faster with a person that know the rules and can interact with you as opposed to the AI that pops up messages every so often that tells you the obvious. Caution: If you're playing this at night with some friends over voice chat, remember to close your door as you will find yourself shouting and yelling. Why? well you'll have to play to find out...Overall, this game will not disappoint you, introducing new mechanics and ideas every step of the way, straining and developing your brain as you panic over losing money and resources, essentially plonking you in a position of a world leader and seeing how far you can make your civilastion survive. I recommend this game to everyone of all ages, if they're looking for a relaxed way to spend their day, but if your looking for fast action, FPS, bloodsplattery goodness, you might want to try something else.
great fun to play with friends -Funny-Great-excitingyou can make up your own chalenges in game or you can do the minigames providedit is great fun!
Best F2P Game ever, no cash needed, but you will pay for the greatest gaming experiece ! 10/10
metal slug + expendables, its awesome
A great game to play with some intense moments like fighting a boss or forced to fight for your life in a cave or dungeon. Also a great game to play whilst waiting for another game to download. When you are playing with your friends it's funny to watch the chat when your friend is being swarmed by Demon Eyes or Zombies. I definently reccomend this game for anyone to comes by it, heck, it can even run on your Grandma's PC.
Super Fun Very Unique
where does one store these bags?
é um ótimo jogo e se vc enjoar de jogar as missões vc pode baixar skins armas mapas um monte de coisa é quase diversão infinita
Fun
10/10 Best load simulator
Except for the occassionaly bug which is to be expected during early access. Terratech has become one of my most played games quickly. i dont expect a lot in games much, yet Terratexh has done amazingly in its growth and the ideas it puts forward
its a good game with friends make it a single player bot game
this game is a fantastic game and everyone should get is and it is a good chalenge
Fantastic game, stunning mechanics, immersive worlds and amazing customisations. I have been playing this game since the closed alpha and have loved every minute of it, if your looking for a good Free-To-Play FPS then this is the game for you!
Lots of Though suffers from rolling ballance issues one side is great if not over powered for a bit then it moves to another after the ballance patch bringing them all closer to balanced, however there is still some work to go. This game is fun free and is not soo grindy that it excludes free to player people.Gold costs if you are interested a Steep compared to other games that i have played but not insane, just do you research before you spend that gold, try to make the most of it.Skirmishs are quick enough to be a short one off FPS hit if you are short on time while battles are invovled enought to be a good long game.My on major Dislike with this game is the Aircraft don't have  a Jostick option which i would have liked to see avaliable when they were added but nothing is perfect.So 4 of 5
MT ♥♥♥♥AAAA
This is one of the best hat simulator games on the market. You play a minigame where you kill people and you unlock hats and then you can show your hats off. You will also end up poor with no more money because you spent all of your money building up your fine collection of hats. Best hat simulation game out there MUST PLAY!
is an okay game recomended for people who like call of duty but want a harder gameplay
is gud
Hearing 12 year old scream in the mic all day 10/10
The base game is great. 10/10
People still play this! Siq game
Worst game I've ever played
sick bruz
99% of n user reviews for this game are positive.It was the first thought when I bought this game, and I have no regrets.Longer Version (Playtime of the game itself):I would still recommend this game even how it's not all filled with features and such. Probably when it gets released from early access, it will be much more fun to play.SPOILERS AHEAD!At first, it starts out bland, but then you start to automate for ores and turn it into plates, where plates are used to create tools. After manually researching, you decide you should automate Science. (At this point let's say we have electricity) After auto research, a biter attack happens. You only have a gun to protect yourself as a gun turret is still being built. You then defend your base, and automate more science. 10-30 hours later, you are already building a rocket silo, where you finish the game. You then decide to install mods, where you go all over again with a new experience. It never ends.In a nutshell, words cannot express how much this game is fun.Originally posted by Holy_Sinner:I used to have a family. Now I have a factory.10/10 ruined my life
Get this for the meaning of kawaii
If you can run it on your computer, definitely get it! It's definitely worth more than $1, so I don't see why people wouldn't want to get this game
NEED A DISPENSER HERE NEED A DISPENSER HERE NEED A DISPENSER HERE NEED A DISPENSER HERE NEED A DISPENSER HERE NEED A DISPENSER HERE NEED A DISPENSER HERE NEED A DISPENSER HERE NEED A DISPENSER HERE NEED A DISPENSER HERE NEED A DISPENSER HERE NEED A DISPENSER HERE NEED A DISPENSER HERE NEED A DISPENSER HERE NEED A DISPENSER HERE NEED A DISPENSER HERE NEED A DISPENSER HERE
Great game to just kill time and relieve boredom
I highly recommend this game to anyone looking for an extremely enjoyable point and click experience. The puzzles aren't particularly difficult, but it's the plot, setpieces and dialogue (with talents such as Elijah Wood, Jack Black, Pendleton Ward, Jennifer Hale and Wil Wheaton) make it truly a memorable experience. Thanks Mr. Schafer!
esse game e muito bom por  conte de sua complexsidade e dificuldade
Simply..♥♥♥♥ing..Amazing..And..A..Pain..
Jesus Christ, this game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing.Its like Doom, but on acid.
THis game is good , u should play it
this game is great for the bored person, it's the type of game you go to when you have no other game to play or just wanna speed around on your music and enjoy every minute of it!Get this game if you like DDR, FFR, Stepmania, Any beat/step game.
My mouse worked fine until I played this game. 10/10 would demolish mouse again.
Amazing
Goof Portals and stuff
really good hours of fun for the whole family and even if your a lonly gamer  like me the atmosphere is amazing,you really feel your a lone surviver in the universe exploring acient world meeting new speices.
Well steam you did it again you little ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥ I got banned instantly Didnt even get in a game and I was VAC banned yiu ♥♥♥♥ faces FIX IT or I'll wreck you liek jams dung 
if you liked half life 2, you r going to love this! basicly it adds more immersion with its upgraded shadows, new map effects (such as fog), and better lighting!
Dis Game. Dis Game.Dis. Game.
Amazing you SHOULD get this game!
เป็นเกมที่เราต้องตัดสิ้นใจเองว่าจะเลือกอะไรแล้วผลจะออกมาเป็นยังไง ดีมากครับเกมนี้เนื้อเรื่องดีเป็นเกมแรกที่ผม อินสุดๆและอารมผมไปตามตัวละครในเกมหมดเป็นเกมที่ทำให้ผมร้องไห้เสียใจสงสารชอบสุดๆเลยครับผมเกมนี้ พาอารมเราได้เยอะมากจริงๆ ป.ล. ถ้าพิมเองได้นี่คงจะดีมากไม่ใช่น้อยฮ่าๆ100/100 the best game of the world i love it forever
PLAY WITH POSITIVE MENTAL ATTITUDE!
call of duty ghosts isnt as bad as a lot of people are saying you just got to get use to the changes that have been put in the game. after you get past all the hackers it is a good game
found a guy, called him senpai and he called me goat-chan. we now live together. 10/10 would meet senpai again.
Love this game its really good got funny moments and funny and cool attacks from both player and computers i would recommenrd this to everyone
Fun game
great game really addictive heaps of fun
Pro DOTA n precisa falar nada
Has to be the best FPS I've ever played, infact it's probably up in my Top 5 games of all time.To start, I'm not a serious hardcore gamer but this got me really addicted and have played over 20 hours in the past week. I mostly play competetive and deathmatch, but there's also other modes such as casual if you don't want to be involved in ranks or waiting for the 20 hour cool down after playing too much competetive.Don't get intimidated by the fact of buying guns and knives, because they are simply just skins and don't give the player that spent $400 on a knife any advantage over the player that spent $0. However the cool thing about steam is being able to sell cards and other items which you can use to purchase weapons or buy crates and keys to have a chance to win better guns and knives.You do get a few hackers and afk players every know n' then but they are easily kicked with the easy team voting system. The main problem I have is smurfs, which are players that make other accounts and may seem as a low rank but actually have a higher rank making them unfair as they play with lower ranks even though they are much more skilled.Finally gamplay, the gameplay is very smooth and well thought out. Low rank players play with low rank players and high rank players play with high rank players. All guns have their advantages and disadvantages such as long range, short range, recoil, damage, fire rate and accuracy. Each map has well placed objects which can be used as cover.Overall this game is a MUST! I reccommend cs:go to any fps gamer or even any average gamer in general.
is good, gg
This game is absolutely amazing and brilliant 10/10
awesome game. you can put everything into garry's mod, but you can't put garry's mod into everything.
Its a good game with a few balancing issues. If you are new and want to get into it i suggest joining a newer world.MidnigthBrony
Great Game Would Recommend to any First Person Shooter players
Great game!
Dope.
I have always been a fan of the management game genre but there are few that do it well. And then rimworld comes along and does everything amazingly even in early access. The core game is fantastic and with each update a tonne of content gets added. Modding this game is easy and very rewarding, from little things to new furniture or weapons or big things like whole new factions and races.Its still in early access, the updates are like 2-3 months apart and packed with goodies. I haven't had any bugs or issues that have prevented me from playing. Even when using mods the interface is great and easy to understand. 10/10 one of my favourite games of all time. I got it when it first came out like in 2013 and put in about 10 hrs a week minimum. Everything the game does it does it well, you can farm and train heaps of different types of animals. Also your colonists will develop opinions of each other and get into relationships.I am rambing but its all so good.
Boring
Guys this is the best game, if you dont get it you are a massive git!!
I hate this game so much. 10/10.
Found pretty gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood!!!!!!!!!!!!
Rust, Is a survival game. Which i think has horror in it :P (I yell when a zombie behind me hits me)When you first spawn in you would see so many trees and rocks then finding at town and going into it, And realising theres radation. Meeting a new player is actually scary, Hes naked and might have a hatchet or rock and hes running at you.People are very harsh in this game, Especially the Chinese people me and my friend found. They are horrible they\'re not nice at all. We were walking past and they said something in Chinese then said "You are mudahfahker" and killed us. We did not do anything to them, Then we found their base and at that point another friend xKoriat joined and helped us. We gave the Chinese\'s a nickname from what they said "Chong-Dongers" this was a funny name. The server is (CN)24k and some random numbers.The amount of fun in this game is unbelievable if you don\'t have it now, you should get it. It is worth buying!19.99 USD is some money but as i said It is worth buyingMy friend Sgt. Red helped me out alot, Also buying me RustAnd xKoriat for playing with us!
So much fun!!!!!
Não entendo o sentido desse jogo, mas é divertido, sempre da uma vontade de jogar novamente, não sei o motivo, mas da.
If you love classic FPS games and also happen to love Star Wars, then you'll love this game. This game has a really retro feeling to it, plenty of puzzles and plenty of action. That, and it's quite challenging. This game took me about 10 hours to finish, and to be fair I think it's the perfect length, if it was any longer I would start to get a bit tired of playing. Not to mention, this game is impressive for its time. I recommend this game, it's really fun and actually has a good story, as well as being a good length.
This game is the reason why I'm broke-10/10
This game is a good game for anybody if you dont have epilepsy or a feint heart because it can get quite exciting. i Would recommend this game for anyone over 10-13
Fun, pretty tactical. good challenge to play and so on :)
10/10, Zero Flaws
Considering it is still in Alpha, this is a very solid and promising game. So far I have been unable to test multiplayer- the game has a 100% chance of crashing during the loading screen, if it gets that far. Its difficult to give this a rating during Alpha, but I can assure fans of Games Workshop and Mordheim in particular will be happy with this title.
Very awesome game for creative ppl
Space Ninjas......nuff said
omigurd
This game is unique. It is like bringing a MMORPG to a FPS game and it is amazing!! The way valve design this game is brilliant, every class and weapon has it's own strength and weaknesses. Plus adding things such as taunts and hats makes it more fun and hilarious. But the most amazing thing about TF2 is that you can be an idiot or a fool and no one will get mad!! Even sometimes people will be a idiot with you! It is a game nothing like COC or Rift, It is a legit fun game where you can laugh your ♥♥♥ off and never get bored especially with friends. I highly recommend it!!
This, son is a game.If you dont get it, youll die. This is no joke... its reality.we will all diedeaht death death death death embrace it our lord shall deliver us from all evil so embrace your sacrifice with open arms
All right everyone, put away the pitchforks and torches, you've won. I was hoping for a different solution than the outright removal of the system, but i guess in a way this is a good thing.Anyway, Skyrim is a great game, amazing open world, plenty to do, just don' t stop playing for a while otherwise you will fell like restarting. Also, mods are great.
11/10 would IGN again
Best tower defense game I've played
Games pretty good, survival 3x, can be really punishing but such is life with rng.
Absolutely one of the most difficult games I've ever played. So frustrating, but so addictive. Flashbacks to playing old platformers on my Commodore 64 back in the day, not just because of the graphic style, but because games used to punish you when you weren't good enough. Don't expect any hand holding here!!
Something Different and worth looking at.
Disturbing but addictive with endless great replayability.
really fun
Hey, thats pretty good
Awesome game! Don't expect heaps of combat. It's all about the immersive storyline and the hard choices.
Please make it for Mac (Apple)
Simply amazing!
i you like backstabing and snipeing burning poeple then i recommend this game
melhor fps de todos
Fantastic game this, although it's difficult to adjust to the games controls after spending years with TF2 & CSGO it's a fantastic game & I love playing it, five stars.
I don't know what is worse; being let down when I realised the game is poorly optimised and has no content, or when I realised the refund rumors were a lie.Edit: On my third try for a refund, they actually did refund the game after i made this review. Coincidence?
bueno para pasar el rato con amigos :)
awesome game but energy makes me hate a little bit
AWSOME---GAME
It's called Grindframe for a reason. The cake is a lie, but not the grind. The grind is true.Who does not want to be a space ninja jumping around, wall running, doing cool acrobatics and slicing enemy fodders to half? Played it since closed beta, stopped for a few months when the grind got unbearable. Returned when there's major updates, stop again. Rinse and repeat. Started playing again and this time I put the platinum and my trading skills to good use to get those cool gold Prime weapons I never gotten in the past because I never ran any void with random people. Game's been more mindlessly enjoyable with the ability to do Void now and get some Prime weapons, whether to farming or trading. Other than that, there's nothing much to this game, you grind, you wait for events, wait for Baro Ti'Keer the swindler, wait for rare alerts. That's about it.  An Eight out of Tenno.
Elegent; but,No sound yet.
You can see a slow mo xray of an eyeball exploding
i love it
I  have been following this game through development and when i saw 'Steam Early Access' under the title I  bought the game and played it a lot
awesome fun
Blah blah blah
Login screen looks amazing! - 10/10
muito bom pra jogar com amigos,pra o jogo vicar legal
This game was awsome mate reccomend to all who like awsome plot twists this is beautiful 9/9 IGN approves #no sarcasm 
This game is perfect!
This game is one of the best games I've played!.........Just saying.
This game is amazing!
So santas fed up with greedy little children asking for to much, so he has a meltdown and takes it all out on his elfs by brutaly murdering them. That sums up the whole story. So your job is to be a clean up elf, or a human I dont know which one you play as. Pretty much you are armed with your hands, a mop, and a digital remote which no one know's what it acctually does.Thats it you just clean up the blood and make the workshop tidy again, now as lame as it all sounds it is acctually quite an enjoyable game with pretty nice graphics and a few difficult obstacles like TNT.Cant go wrong, it was under 2 dollars.Best christman game I have ever played.
A charming puzzle game made by the same developers of Castle Crashers. Solid gameplay, a great artstyle and hilarious commentary makes this game definitely worth your time. Also it's two player so you can punch your friends.
The Game worth more than the cost. Trust me
best game
Untill they fix whatever bug is causing the game to crash on loadup, don't even bother....EDIT:: The problem is avoided by running the program as administrator and a few other fixes. Though it may not be worth getting if your not willing to fiddle the game does have some pros and cons about it..Mostly though, in getting it to run, its around maybe 67% or a 74% of a rating...
Very addictive for a while until you need to expand when money is low.
Buggy ASF! Can\'t play it properly. I was so excited to play this when I saw the trailers, stupid me thinking what\'s in the trailer would actually be in the gameplay... SEAN MURRAY you flat out lied about gameplay. Your "gameplay" trailers are full of crap!!!
Buggy ASF! Can\'t play it properly. I was so excited to play this when I saw the trailers, stupid me thinking what\'s in the trailer would actually be in the gameplay... SEAN MURRAY you flat out lied about gameplay. Your "gameplay" trailers are full of crap!!!
BEST GAME EVER
love it!
Unicorns are evil
First things frist. I really want to recommend dead by daylight to everyone, it is great game to play, but at this time a cannot for some reasons.1) Lobby simulator 2016. if you want the get your surivior perks, you must play in a lobby, this leave you eather getting into a lobby where everyone will bail so they can find there friends or you're the one doing it. i know they where trying to give you the spooky feeling of playing with random people to make it scary, but sometimes you just want people you can trust to play with. Just make a group with friends please.2) Call of duty would be proud. If you want to keep your rank as a survivor, NEVER,AND I MEAN NEVER GET HOOKED. Once you are placed on it, get ready to say bye to that rank point cause your about to have a sleep over with the killer, he will just sit at your feet till you're dead or some random thinks that the killer is afk and trys to save you, getting knocked out cold.3) Now watch me rank, now watch me de-rank. Now this part of my rant personaly makes me rage. The ranking system. Simple, if you want to rank, you need three things. A buddy, good internet connnection and luck, cause if you don't, you're in for a ride. to get your rank up, you must survive or kill. But your rank will go down if you die or not kill people, leave a game, D.C from a game (even if the killer has ♥♥♥♥♥♥ internet), if the killer or all survivor leave before the end of a game, hell even turning on four out of five generators on and escaping will (yes that did happen), and completing all the task at hand while your team mate sit in the bushes that end up getting you killed while they get escape because they don't care to help you or the camper killer is setting up for the night.This is only a few thing i don't like, but don't take my word on it. Experience the good annd the bad for yourself.If the team wants to make this game the best experience, please just let there be a friends lobby, the other stuff i can live with.Thank you for your time
this game is my waifu
I honestly felt that Ghosts' multiplayer was a huge disappointment compared to MW3, and the reason I'm comparing Ghosts with MW3 is because Black Ops 2 is not made by IF. Going to back to the multiplayer topic, this has been one of the rare case scenarios where a Call Of Duty game has a campaign better than the multiplayer. I hereby rate multiplayer 4 out of 10 and the campaign 7 out of 10.
A game were anti socials who live on cold islands DO infact survive a pathogen.10/10 would Greenland again.
Well I like and hate the game I like it because its like the other l4d but when you play the game the graphix are much different then the photos of the gameplay
A perfect game that is set in the original Counter-Strike world with many more diffrent weapons, skins and maps! This is one great game!
Words cannot describe, how much i hate this game.
it's Grand Theft Auto combined with the Matrix, on steroids
Great Game!!! 10/10 compliments the first yet doesnt feel staleclocked it multiple times must buy if you want your money well spent
Dota 2 has been the most addicting game i've played till now besides for minecraft. I've played around 100 games, although not many i've been playing with a lot of heroes. The only problem i've seen is that some hero is really annoying, especially rikimaru. Rikimaru can be countered with wards/dust/gem and really squishy in early game, but in low ranked games people dont know that. They usually just stay there getting xp and then when riki blinked strike them, they run away and let riki get fat.  I really suggest nerfing riki a little bit early game just to make him really squishy. Make him not and easy hero too. Nerf his skill a  little bit so people dont always win after getting a fat riki. Overall, this game is awesome. I seriously recommend it for you people.
It's really addictive, 10/10, like Skyrim with Guns
i think some plepole ask : this is a 8 bit game!. but i think is a good game! than u think is 'Suck!'
This game is fun and their are toones of mods Good survival game 9.5/10
one of the best games i have ever played i rate 10/10 would play again
Co-op is amazing :D
GunsGUNSgunsgunsgunsGUNSgunsGunsGUNSGunsGunsGUNSgunsgunsgunsGUNSgunsGunsGUNSGunsGunsGUNSgunsgunsgunsGUNSgunsGunsGUNSGunsGunsGUNGGUNSGUNSGunsGUNSgunsgunsgunsGUNSgunsGunsGUNSGunsGUNSGunsGUNSgunsgunsgunsGUNSgunsGunsGUNSGunsGunsGUNSgunsgunsgunsGUNSgunsGunsGUNSGunsGunsGUNSgunsgunsgunsGUNSgunsGunsGUNSGunsGunsGUNSgunsgunsgunsGUNSgunsGunsGUNSGunsGunsGUNSgunsgunsgunsGUNSgunsGunsGUNSGunsGunsGUNSgunsgunsgunsGUNSgunsGunsGUNSGunsGunsGUNSgunsgunsgunsGUNSgunsGunsGUNSGunsGunsGUNSgunsgunsgunsGUNSgunsGunsGUNSGunsGunsGUNSgunsgunsgunsGUNSgunsGunsGUNSGunsGunsGUNSgunsgunsgunsGUNSgunsGunsGUNSGunsGunsGUNSgunsgunsgunsGUNSgunsGunsGUNSGunsGunsGUNSgunsgunsgunsGUNSgunsGunsGUNSGunsGunsGUNSgunsgunsgunsGUNSgunsGunsGUNSGunsGunsGUNSgunsgunsgunsGUNSgunsGunsGUNSGunsGunsGUNSgunsgunsgunsGUNSgunsGunsGUNSGunsGunsGUNSgunsgunsgunsGUNSgunsGunsGUNSGunsGunsGUNSgunsgunsgunsGUNSgunsGunsGUNSGunsGunsGUNSgunsgunsgunsGUNSgunsGunsGUNSGunsGunsGUNSgunsgunsgunsGUNSgunsGunsGUNSGunsGUNSgunsgunsnugs
I have noticed in the review section of this game that a lot of people are giving this game more of a negative rating rather than positive, which is quite frankly true. Pre Patch 1.37 - 7-8/10Patch1.37 - /10Patch 1.37 was supposedly to make the game better in the way it was more balance, haha infact it made it worse. throught my few hours playing the game after patch 1.37 I have come to believe that Gaijan have become greedy ( Like activision/treyarch) in the ye old days like 1.29 you could quite easly come out of a match making around 10-20K profit depending on whether you have premium or not. I not saying this because im bad but here are 3 reasons why Gaijin had screwed up the game after Patch 1.37:1. Matchmaking-After 10 games in the new patch im not sure if it was unlucky or absoluty garbage. I prefer to play in the british line up while using stuff like the Wellington, beaufighters ect. the problem I was having is I would get over the bombing target in my Wellington Ic and then be killed by 8 Fighters who can climb to your altitude within a matter of minutes, which resulting into easy kills.Aircraft have now been sorted in tiers rather than ranks, you may think that is true but infact its the complete opposite. the aircraft may be a tier 3 but the battle rating (Which can be found while hovering over the aircraft) is the acctually "Ranked" lobby you will be put in, for example the Mustang Mk1a which is a british fighter is a tier 4 but its battle rating is 5.3. they say they would be changing this but can we really believe them?!?2. Leveling up-Prier to patch 1.37 if the people who are reading this just started you had ranks rather than tiers. like any game you get kills = lions+Xp = more aircraft = kills... which was all good you could quite happly level up, now you need to research the aircraft. the developers said this new system would acctually help you unlock aircraft quicker... Wrong, infact it would take you 4-5x long to get a single plane in the game. for example the F80C shooting star you need 320000RP to unlock, if you get an average of  1-3k RP for that aircraft (Note not all RP earned in a game goes towards an aircraft, the rest is stored so you can use it later but there is a twist) it would take you atleast 100-150 games to unlock, and a normal game goes for 20 mins((20x150)/3=1000/24=41) so it would take you around 1-2 days of non stop gameplay to unlock it. LIES!!!!3-"Pay to play"as this person has explained Beautifully on the War thunder Forums"So let me sum up it here. Instead of playing and enjoying the game Gaijin wants the players to   1)Buy gold 2)Buy premium 3) Play the game a lot 4) Realize you can\'t do it without premium aircraft, buy premium aircraft 5) Lose your xxx on repair bills because you can\'t use your fully upgraded lower planes for higher level plane research xp. 6) Use your golden eagles to buy lions at exorbitant rates. 7) Rinse and repeat. Stop locking these threads, people need to know what Gaijin did.  Stop censoring the threads mods, your job is not censor the posts of the paying members and communities response. We all know the mods are purposely locking these threads trying to downplay the community response to this patch which is designed for one reason and  one reason only, to make the game take much longer and force a whole lot more golden eagle purchases.   We are not stupid, we can see right through you." - Digital Zombielink - http://forum.warthunder.com/index.php?/topic/89224-research-really/as you can see Gaijin have become so full of themselfs they cant control what they have become without starting over. many people would agree that dont waste your time on this game till they get there ♥♥♥♥ together!.Regards ShiftY_.
if you ever need nothing i'm here for you. this game is okay!
é muito legal e bom para passar o tempo
Great game, Nice big map and beautiful graphics and tons of other great stuff!!!
Hostile community, steep learning curve and progression is purely cometic. 10/10 would recommend.
GOOD GAME
great game if you like rts all round amazing!
Never been a real fan of the franchise but hell this prequel just kicks ♥♥♥! Outstanding presentation, graphics, polish, combat and stealth gameplay & FINALLY after a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ year of crappy stories in games (I am looking esp at you, Mass Effect 3), a grande tour de force of a STORY!Imagine Uncharted with RPG and open world elements all dressed up in one of the best engines Ive seen in a long time. Coupled with excellent voice acting and some of the most intense setpieces Ive seen since Battlefield 3. If you're a Tomb Raider fan, you will be addicted. If you never really got into the old-school TR titles (and the mediocre newer instalments) like me, you will be hooked by this one. This is how you make a game! 10/10BUY THIS GAME! 2013 GOTY contender.
Really fun game. Early access but still alot of features. The devs work really hard to roll out patches.
An intense emotional experience - especially the conclusion. Few actual game elements and more cinematic than actual game, but the plot, the voice acting, and the characters make this into something you should not miss. 10/10 and I don't say this lightly.
This game is a popular clasic frist person shooter and its great and free why not getit.
Could do with multiplayer.
Fantastic competative game. Great for people who love FPS games.
A fantastic 3D action RPG with plenty of humour and excellent British Voice acting.Severly underated but definately worth your time.
0.00000000000000000000000000000000000000001% chance that your drill will not break 8/8 would bang
Great Game, Tears will be shed.
(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻10/10
This is a beautiful game and a masterpiece in my opinion. It is like playing in a lucid dream; the game is old, but the art is still gorgeous. The story is very original. The music is enigmatic, tranquil and blissful. I enjoyed every moment of Loom, but I really wish the sequel was made; the ending is good, but some loose ends were not tied up. The game is an ethereal beauty and a special memory.4.5/5
literrally can do pretty much anything
What I likeLoved the storylineArtstyle is greatGameplay is simple yet I personally found it addictiveDon't need to be really hardcore completionist to finish the gameA difficulty slider (only for boss fights I believe)Good sountrackA room for people to farm (love it)Them feelsHowever I read the reviews before I played it, so I went in expecting to cry, but sadly I didn't. Could also be cause I've watched sadder anime that I didn't cry for this oneWhat I didn't likeRather simple in the sense that those who are expecting a complex rpg style would be disappointedGameplay is rather short (I managed to finish it in one sitting and there's a hint on where you might want to save so if you want to, you only need to replay that section of the game to discover more)Overall for a first game, it's really good. I hope to see more in the future
Why do I enjoy burning things so much
I too, enjoy drawing pink male reproductive organs.
i really enjoyed this game until the new update. i cant event join a match, let alone create one
BRING MULTIPLAYER
refwdqs
Although it is quite challenging, it is worth all your focus and patience. Seriously, SAVE YOUR AMMO, USE TEH FIRE AXE, DO NOT LOOK AT THE PRETTY FERN!!!
This game needs a lot of work, it crashes so much and it needs to be fixed.
survive in this game for 10 minutes and i'll pay $10 for charity
very good game; not enough hours 4 me to get into gamenice chestending i went with flattly lel10/10 bobssmom is prud
Incredibly satisfying and frustrating at the same time.You will quit and restart and throw random things at your computer in rage at your favourite characters death, but its totally worth the amount of satisfaction when everything goes according to plan.P.S. Be aware the bosses.
Misleading title: there are infact MULTIPLE floors of killing.But still 10/10
Ruined my life 10/10
Great game
swag 10/10
really having a good time with this game and from what ive seen it allows for many different versions of ure character
Not fun and frustrating learning curve. Very easy to die which is acceptable due to the premise of the game, but advancement is very difficult and not intuitive. You might find some fun in it if you have a large number of friends playing and learning at the same time, but otherwise it's not worth it.
yes
เป็นgameที่สนุกมากครับ มาภารกิจต่งๆมากมายและเมื่อเราเล่นด่านเดือมซั้มมันจะRANDOMด่านให้เองครับ เป็นgameที่จริงๆครับมารองเล่นดูครับ
Who needs a gun when you can destroy lives with a single stamp. Spend countless years earning credits from a restless job just to afford a banana. Refuse to provide for your family so you can afford a second one.
India has nukes! 11/10
my farming simulator is  not working now for some reson
my farming simulator is  not working now for some reson
PLAY THIS GAME!
AI cheats.Repetitive dialog.Do not recommend.
プッピ\u3000ドグ\u3000ジグソウ\u3000プッズルス\u3000が\u3000大好きですよ！\u3000だから、\u3000あなた\u3000も\u3000プッピ\u3000ドグ\u3000ジグソウ\u3000プッズルス\u3000を\u3000買いて\u3000下さい。\u3000この\u3000犬\u3000は\u3000とても\u3000かわいいだね。
This game is really awesome...
They Should Add A Story Mode For A New Counter Strike
rust is a great game i love it. BUY IT!!
good freak game
Hop on with me and my boi ciggy
Ótimo jogo para passar o tempo, bem relaxante.
Don't buy it, please for both ours sake.
great game
I Strongly Reccomend That You Get This Game
An astonishing open-world game, dozens of skills. played it for hours.
Truly and absolutly flawless game and so cheap for what it is, the perfect gift for friends, family and loved ones alike. Trust me i've given many to friends over my time on steam and they couldn't be happier with their gifts.
Great overall, nicely done.Only 2 things are bugging me SO much:1) The fact that party sizes are capped at 22) Penalties for declining matches (this is normaly the case because you have more than 2 friends you want to play with, hence problem number 1)Another great game, but again, the social features need some tweaking.
cool mod
It's great if you fancy struttin' about the town all fancylike in your shiny new hats, mowin down your enemies in droves top of you have any skill. best free to play hat simulator on the market, or off,  however you want to define it
Great game! Untill a Engine Error came and visited me. Any help? please comment! BUT this game is awesome, it is just a shame that i have had to stop playing it. I want to try all fixes possible but there are none that have helped me yet! Great item trading setup and great people! GET IT NOW FREE
It is okay...I guess
COunter Strike is one of the best online FPS's ive played it a while it has tonnes of cool skins and weapons and a wide variety of maps i love CS:GO :D
Dank Memes And Wet Dreams
Jogo muito ♥♥♥♥AAAAAAAAAAAAA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Can't even ♥♥♥♥ing get past the PRESS ANY KEY TO ♥♥♥♥ING START SCREEN! ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME 0/100
...
Great game really is very good and co-op is great as well awesome mystery in the game
100 prisoners in a holding cell punching eachothers lights out.10/10 would hide spoon in ♥♥♥♥.
Teamfortress two is an amazing game requiring skills stratergy speed and co-ordination.Many different maps and multiplayer servers . Tradng of items hats wepons etc makes it more intresting. The different classes adds to the fun with many different thins to do and play as many different characters.
Really fun game.In this game, you command these moe tank girls try to defeat other moe tanks girls. It's a difficult game that will make you think. Lots of story/cutscenes and there are 4 different endings you can get. Anyone with $10 that likes stratagy games should get this.
dis game is da best g so much fun in its custom mods bro chur mungies
10/10 Great game. Love all the references like the Resovoir Robes.
222
Wonderful game for a dirt cheap price. It incorporates music into the game very well, and not to mention, very addicting. It's really cool how the level is generated based on the music that you supply. If you're a producer, this game will make you listen to your music in a way that you previously could not.Verdict: I would strongly recommend this game to anyone who has a taste for music. 10/10
Honestly, I was am amazed by The Blinding Of Issac now a DLC add-on? EPIC!
The classic RTS game and units k.o. the moment they are converted 4/5. The DLC content still needs some working though
Like Civ but better.
very angry, jut bought this game, I did not expect that 4 year after release, the game still "stopped working" during login, couldnt get in to game completely,  waste 15 dollar, never buy from ubisoft again unless they get rid of the stupid uplay login.
Surfs, hit a wall, blows up, die. Rinse and Repeat. 5/7 Would play again.
fun
Most Addictive Game EVAAAA!
yes
Bought it just for the Peacemaker's animations. Yes, its dat good looking...
Incredible game. Especially for a free to play. I have tons of other games to play and I always end up on tf2. Never gets old. Fun to play, addictive, lots to do, and it's funloving. Team Fortress 2 is a gem!
Different play style to L4D but a great dose of zombie chopping... ♥♥♥♥♥♥ accents is the only gripe :)
Stairstab , lelesk!Viciei nesse GAME , muito bom!É constituído por 9 classes:ScoutSoldierPyroDemomanHeavyEngineerMedicSniperSpyMuito bom , recomendo!
probably one of the best games i've ever played, nice atmosfere, smooth gameplay, i would recomend to everyone
Imo the best of the Counter Strikes. The new modes, Arms Race, Deathmatch and Demolition, are great fun for somebody nowhere near tactical enough to play proper CS. Definitely reccommended.
เกมนี้บอกได้เลยว่ามันกว่า minecraft 100 เท่า เพราะเกมนี้ตัวสร้างของเขาได้ออกเเบบได้สมจริง ยิ่งกว่า dayz คับ เท่าเกิดใครซื้อมาเเล้วมันเเลคให้ลบหญ้งออกเลยคับเพราะมันจะไม่ทำให้เลค ประมาณ 40% อ่ะคับ ผมเลยว่าเกมนี้มันมากคับ :)
Played this gameFell out of spaceSpamed turrentsMade a sandvitchAte Sandvitch10/10
This games is full o' swag
i've only played this game for 3 hoursit has a tentacle melee called the voilater.1/1 would slap people with hentai again.
Cats
This game honestly is built on user made content and thats great, its fun and great to play with some friends.
get it!!
nepped too hard OFFLINEneed help
100% AWESOME!!!!!
This game was brilliant up until the newest patch and DLC, which has effectively ruined the gameplay. The heightened revolt risk makes conquering nearly impossible without an almighty army and AI has reached an entirely new level of brutality. If you do get this game, try and find a mod or something which will put the game back to an earlier patch.
best multiplayer mod EVER!!!!!!!!
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE TAFARRREEEEEELLL VAI VAI VAI QUE SUA TAFAREL10/10 sairia do campo tedo novo
Mad Max is a great game, it runs well and looks great and is fun to play. Would recommend it to anyone looking for a good game.
Fun :)
This game is just great,best survival game ever made.
This game is as beautiful-looking as it plays good. If you are looking for a game with:-Great, gripping narrative-Great Gameplay-Great Soundtrack-Great visual/art style.-Great game all aroundThen this is YOUR game. If you are into platformers, this is a great game for you. This is not an EASY platformer either. In fact, once you beat the game and want to challenge yourself some more, there are some hard as hell achievements to go after which will no doubt keep you wanting to come back.Though Ori and the Blind Forest does not tell a story with a huge amount of dialect, it does not need to. The characters themselves are quick to identify with which I must give the developers an A+ for because within the first five minutes of the game at the end of the Prologue (which I recommend you do before playing the main story), I was crying. This game will pull at your heartstrings. This is a story that tells one of tragedy. The way the story is portrayed is beautiful. The soundtrack really sets the tone of it too. You will not just feel sad for Ori, you will feel sad for the other characters too, even the villainess.I cannot recommend this game enough, this is by far, one of the BEST games I have ever played on Steam by far. My only, ONLY gripe with this game is that there are some areas which, once you complete you cannot return to if you wish to hunt for collectibles which means you cannot get 100% completion if you miss those collectibles. I hope the devs can somehow fix this. Asides from that though, this game deserves all the praise and recognition it has been receiving from the public. This is, A GREAT GAME.My rating:9.5/10The only reason it lost the 0.5 was due to the issue of some areas become closed off permanately so if you miss the collectibles, you miss out for good unless you replay the game from the beginning. But don't let that stop you from playing this game. It is great, a worthy addition to anyone's Steam Library or on any other platform this is available.
Heh, Never Realy Was On Your Side
I used to think salt was white. But playing this game made me relise it was silver 10/10 
This game may not look good (though I actually like the graphics), but after playing it for a few hours, I see how people have spent hundreds and thousands of hours with this. Out of all my games in my steam library, which is over 400 games large, Mount & Blade: Warband is one of the best. This is a game that I will be playing for years on end, and I highly recommend it to anyone that fancies themselves a gamer.
It a Vary Funny in Mode survival ^0^
In hunted mode I tried to shoot my friend in the head with a hunting rifle as he was looking through a glass window.Plate glass took it like a champ to protect his face from my bullet and promptly shattered.10/10 window. #neverforget2014
Um dos jogos mais caóticos que já vi.Completamente Arcade, onde é matar ou ser morto.Bela variação de armas e muito divertido.Se deseja um jogo grátis que seja um bom passatempo, fica a dica.
very nice
Extremely fun game once you get the hang of it!
LOL THIS GAME IS CHEAP AND FUN< TOTTALLY SHOULD BUY IT> UN:ESS YOUR A NOOB>
Long story short: A run-of-the-mill modern military shooter with a meaningless and short single-player campaign. While neat with graphics and sound, the $15 seems a bit too much on a rather easy and generic 6 hour game. Pass it unless you\'re very interested.DISCLAIMER: While I haven\'t played the sequel yet, Metro Last Light, I\'ve heard a lot of the narrative is improved upon with that game. I have also not played the Redux versions as of yet.Metro 2033 is a first person shooter that takes place in the tunnels of Moscow in the somewhat distant future. You play as Artyom, a dude who is trying to get to the other side of the Subway to save his hometown from mutants. On the way, you encounter bandits, creatures, and a strange supernatural entity.While the goal of the single-player is made clear from the start, it quickly loses track as you meet up with other characters, and basically go through escort-like areas with them. It\'s hard to keep focused when you\'re constantly meeting different people and experience different kinds of gameplay. For example, one moment you\'re fending off a minecart from mutants. The next, you\'re sneaking through a bandit hideout, stealthily killing each person you find. The next, you\'re walking down a corridor talking to a guy with very little coming at you. Each with some different NPC leading you. The whole journey feels disjointed and inconsistent.Throughout the game, you acquire a bunch of weapons. Most of these function a bit differently, but some just seem outright pointless, like the ball bearing shooter, which can barely even damage enemies, runs out of ammo quickly, and occupies the same slot as the shotguns. My biggest issue with the weapons is that there\'s very little variety. There\'s nothing past pistols, assault rifles, and shotguns.These weapons can be found on the ground, alongside medkits (which quickly restore your health) and gasmasks (which basically are a time meter for above ground sections). My issue with the medkits is that the game is a cover-based shooter where all of your health eventually regenerates. In gunfights with other humans, medkits are only there to save time rather than hiding behind cover. In fights with mutants, medkits are pointless, as the regenerating health mechanic pretty much saves you from any hits that the mutants do, provided you dodge their attacks a bit. All of these items are also sold in shop areas which appear in the first half of the game (they oddly never appear again after chapter 4 I believe). An interesting concept here is that bullets are the currency of the game. My issue with this is that the kind of bullets that are used as currency are also the weakest bullets, which removes the whole purpose of them.So the gameplay has you going through a bunch of different locations, meeting a few different kinds of enemies. You\'ll fight humans, who all hitscan you if you move out of cover. The gameplay for these guys is pretty generic and bland. While their AI is good in moving into cover and such, there\'s just no variety between them throughout the game. The other kinds of enemies are the mutants. There\'s a few different kinds, but they all can only melee attack you, making "running backwards in circles and firing wildly" an unfortunately effective method. These enemies also deal a surprisingly low amount of damage, even on harder difficulties, making them very easy and nonthreatening targets, which is a shame, as they\'re supposedly the huge threat of the story.There\'s also a few stealth sections in the game. Artyom\'s watch has a coloured light section that indicates how well seen you are, but, at least for me, it doesn\'t work all that well. There\'s been times where I\'ve hit the red light, and have still been able to run through unnoticed. Other times, the light is green, and I start getting shot at. Stealth is a very weak element of the game, and fortunately (or unfortunately) it only comes up three times in the game.Of course, there\'s a lot of on-rails sections where you\'re on some sort of moving vehicle and you\'re shooting at stuff. These vary the story up a bit, but in general are a bit easier than the rest of the game and lack the depth or challenge that you\'d be expecting during these usually explosive sequences.I don\'t know if it\'s just me, but I experienced a lot of bugs with the game. There\'s the above stealth system which sometimes doesn\'t indicate the right thing. I\'ve had AI glitch up and run into walls constantly. I\'ve had times where a scripted sequence at the beginning of the game ended to my death. I\'ve had times where the UI would not come up. The worst one I had though was that my gas mask would not come off my face, which was okay at first. However, with the gas mask, taking damage starts to crack the visor, making it extremely difficult to see, and since I couldn\'t take it off, I was forced to play through literally half the game with my screen almost obscured (loading a save or checkpoint wouldn\'t fix it).Graphically the game looks alright: depth of field and fancy lighting and particle effects makes the tunnels and overground look starkly different. The sound is also done alright: the music builds up at the right times (although it\'s pretty generic), and the sound design works well as sounds echo in the tunnels and fade off in the overground sections.Unfortunately, the engine cannot make up for the game\'s shortcomings. Metro 2033 was not that enjoyable for me. I played through the game twice: once on hard, and once on Ranger hard (which hides the UI and makes everything (including you) die very quickly). Both playthroughs were plagued with issues for me. I didn\'t enjoy the game that much mainly because it was short and didn\'t offer anything substantial in terms of gameplay.And that\'s a shame because my friends tell me there\'s a great story tucked away underneath it all. It\'s just I was too focused on the gameplay to really experience that. There\'s a couple of side things to collect, and there\'s a second ending that isn\'t purely a decision at the end of the game. But, especially the ending, I felt that the game was giving me mixed messages about who was the good guy in the story, which would be fine if it was a bit more clear-cut what the implications of my decisions were.Metro 2033 is a modern military shooter first and foremost. If you like those kinds of games, you may find something good here. The setting is unique, and ultimately you might have a good time with it. However, if you, like me, don\'t like those kinds of games, pass on Metro 2033, as it won\'t do anything that amazing to interest you.RATING: 0 UP, 1 DOWNMy up/down rating system tries to differentiate between games that are mediocre (less ups and downs total), and games that are interesting but flawed (more ups and downs totals). Ups relate to how much good a game has, and downs are how much bad a game has.  0 UPs 1 UPs 2 UPs 3 UPs   Not worth playing, skip it Alright, play it if you\'re into the genre Very good, play it if you\'re looking for something worth trying One to go down in history, a must have for everyone[/table]  0 DOWNs 1 DOWNs 2 DOWNs 3 DOWNs   Nothing detrimental in the game A few things wrong, but doesn\'t ruin it Kind-of broken or aggravating, you may not be able to put up with it Very, very broken, a lesson on what not to do[/table]
Risk of Rain is an axcellent game which will require a decent time investment to understand the basics. The combat feels fluid with most classes, and the item unlocks work in an interesting yet meaningfull way. Definitely not meatn to be easy, yet it still tops the current list of roguelike platformers currently available.
This is the best FPS Game Ever.....The Reason for this is because most of it is really balanced and the only weapons that can headshot you are Sniper Rifles and The Ambassador unlike all those other FPSs which you die instantly if you get shot there.If this is your first time playing this game I reccomend you to start as a Soldier because I think he is the most balanced and easiest, so don't play as the complicated ones like Spy and Sniper.I give this10/10
okay let me start off... IT IS AMAZING IT HAS NO PAY TO WIN WHAT SO EVER, THE GUNS ARE AWESOME, THERE ARE SKINS IN THIS GAME..... I CAN GO ON AND ON AND ON AND ON THIS GAME IS SO AWSOME, If you want a fps mmo then get this game for sure, sure you cant aim but its an rng or what ever its called rng rmg who cares but still good trust me
Awesome game! Really fast paced and loads of gore :D could rival tf2
Many glitches in current game but should be fine after awhile
If you can't afford GTA V from Rockstar, this is the perfect game for you. It runs at 1080p 60fps on even the most peasant computers.
k
great fistful of fun with your friends
100% BADASS 200% GUNS 300% AWESOME 0210248912740987130861036408176384513760153086% ♥♥♥♥ING PLAY FOREVER. + need people to play with ;)
Great game! Love all the different mechanisms in building your prison.
it crashes on the start up.
great game
great game
Best Poker Game i have ever played10/10
Very  Good
15 hours in and this game is jammin. I wanted something like FTL where I would lose the game many times before adjusting to the learning curve but so far Darkest Dungeon has proven to be much more manageable. Anyone who likes Lovecraftian lore with rogue like elements will enjoy.
yes
This is an excellent program for learning the basic operation of various weapons, how they work, and how to disassemble and reassemble them.  The program is very interactive and allows you to work and learn at your own pace.  It is NOT a competitive game, it is a program for learning about weapons and doing it in a safe way.  I have been hunting since I was 8 years old(I am 59 now) and have always been interested in various weapons, but would never be able to afford them or get access to them.  This is the next best thing.  I highly recommend this program.
bad
iz gud game c:
Bom, eu achei o jogo muito legal e impressionante, mas precisa otimizar mais porque meu pc que roda gta v não esta aguentando ele no epic... mas tirando isso jogo legal demais principalmente a parte de domar dinossauros ;]
Great game where there is no limit to the amount of hours you can spend on it. Great to play with friends. Running on max specs requires some fairly intense cpu power.
A Good Game .-. i really cant say anything aside from it being a good game and i really recommend playing it :D
this is probaly the best game i have ever pleyed. warning: should only be used if you have several hours to kill
Accidentally poured 3 hours into this when I just wanted to change one thing... Very fun and addicting!
Is one of the best free to play games on the market and is worth your time to play.JUST PLAY THE GAME AND SEE WHY!
a classic and a favourite, hd version and forgotten expansion make it better
get it!!!!! I know it's 40.00 but its entirely worth a look on youtube search on youtube nerdcubed just cause2.the graphics are awesome under water and there are tons of wepons in it and vechlies. if you love gta4 you'll love this!!!!!
four words JUST ♥♥♥♥ING BUY IT
10/10 One of the most intense and gripping games I've ever played.
Greatest game ever made!
Infelizmente no lancamento o jogo era INJOGAVEL ! Porem se pretende comprar agora e possue um pc bom (eu recomendo um i7 4970k e uma 760 pra cima) vai fundo o jogo e muito divertido e vale ser comprado apos as correcoes que foram feitas. (desculpem a falta de acentos , meu teclado e americano)
i'll just have one more shot
O jogo é muito bom eu recomendo existem diversos itens e pode te trazer semanas e meses de diversão mas esta com muito lag hoje impossivel de jogar
This game is just amazing, got the dlc and went all the way to lvl 193. then i reseted my levels and did it all again :DDDDDDDDAmazing, simply amazing
it is so ♥♥♥♥♥ AWSOME
Insane.  Any critisim that I could write is drowned out by the screams of that guy that I tied to a fighter jet.Not the deepest story, and more than a little bit racist, but certainly a crazy game and incredibly fun.  Go cause some Chaos!
Insane.  Any critisim that I could write is drowned out by the screams of that guy that I tied to a fighter jet.Not the deepest story, and more than a little bit racist, but certainly a crazy game and incredibly fun.  Go cause some Chaos!
Its the game for the man whom owns everthing else on steam ( or is just a major nerd)21/20  
This game makes me rage10/10 would rage again
its a good game but alot of bugs and even when i put everything on LOW still lags... i suggest anyone thinking of buying this game to hold back until a few issues are fixed
Ehhh this game isnt the best, but its fun to play...and dawgiesss! :3
When I bought this game i got to blaze it everyday with a T-rex. T-REX IS LOVE! T-REX IS LIFE!10/10
TF2 is very enjoyable
For a game in alpha it can be very fun... if you can survive you fiirst few weeks
da best free first person shooter game on steam, absolutely beautiful. the only con is that u have to pay for the weapons, clothes and other stuff that's in the game or wait for a long time to get the good ones:(. but otherwise it's really good.:D
buen juego, es como jugar diablo pero para pobres, recomendable. :3
It takes 1 hour to make 2 seconds. Nuff said
A universal story of two brothers struggling through a dangerous fantasy world with an ending that will likely be one of the most emotional you have experienced in a game. The puzzles are great and work very well with the main mechanic (one player controls two characters)- I believe it is best played with a controller although if you're comfortable with keyboard it's also worth trying.
This is a brillant blende of cautious stealth and beat you time mayhem. This is a amazing must own game.Remeber, What's Your Is Mine!
Got a bit boring after awhile... it was fun for about an hour.
good
this is really good game, but need to be fixed at UI and UX design, looks ♥♥♥♥♥♥ but fair n fun game :]
One of the best games i have ever played, easy to pick up yet hard to master, i have sunk hour into this and have many great stories. It is one of the few games that make you feel a conection with what your doing and every moment is special since the game can change in a second. I myself have play since the kickstart and have been involved in the amazing community as a modder, this game inspired me to follow my dreams of codeing and i hope you all give it a chance.
DeadSpace_exe has stopped workingwindows 10 ples....[Update] I finally managed to boot this baby up, I\'m a big Dead Space fan and I really recommend playing this seeing as it is one of the best horror games to date P.S if you are wondering how I fixed this problem I simply added a settings.txt file and then opened "testapp" from within the main Dead Space directory, this some how booted it up, I hope this helps :)
IM A VAMPIRE LORD I WILL EAT YOUR SOUL WITH A SIDE OF lollies?
Its a pretty cool game i recommend it
This is a awesome game everyone should have it!
Potatoes return...seriously the AI is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ as ♥♥♥♥...the archers dont know how to aimthe builders hang around at the edge of the kindom and instantly get rekt if a wall is brokenthe builders dont have a set building priority either, theyd rather build the stupid boat than help 1 builder repair the defenses that will save their liveswhy is the only camp that gives me 2+ refugees at the edge of the map so when i hire the people there they dont even make it back?why dont the farmers make the same amount of plots as there are farmers?WHY CANT PEOPLE RUN UNLESS THEYRE TRING TO GRAB COINS OR EQUIPMENT OR GET BACK TO THE CASTLE BEFORE NIGHT??? THEYRE SOOO SLOOOOOOOWWWW!!!!!11/10 built kindom up. upgraded a wall. builders decided not to upgrade wall. got mostly deaded
Amazing Game
this is a great game i love  cant wait to see what is in the next big update
Good for mindless ♥♥♥♥, practically mario cart on crack.
Very enjoyable game. Brilliant visuals, enjoyable narrative with an emphasis on decision making...and brutal consequences.
Let's be honest, I bought this soley because Frankie created a great cinematic. Again. But we all know we can't replicate that level of fun that they have on their experimental server. And we all know that we can't have the same amount of enjoyment on an Arma: 3 Life server because everyone in Australia are just sarcastic, facetious, dim wittted ♥♥♥♥♥ with no sense of fun or anything. And Australia has ♥♥♥♥ internet. But other than that GREAT GAME. I honestly believe it was worth every cent.
Have no idea whats going on but every 20 minutes gmod crashes and im on a mac.Btw really good game this is just the flaw
Was pretty P2W but atleast they stopped shoving the option to buy stuff in your face.
this game is fun
>Made a disgusting character>Named him Humungus Diabetus>Joined Swadia>Rampaged around recruiting and slaying>Gets destroyed by entire Rodok army>Saves and exits out>Switches on cheats>Ammasses an army of 200 Hired Blades>Dies 'cos hired blades are crap>Hardcore Cheats with ctrl alt f4>Feels satisfiedthat was 2 hours
this "game" was using more than 60GB of my hard disk. Looking back, I think it wasn\'t really worth it. Just uninstalled today and I feel like there are better things worth 60GB of data. Thanks to my friends for gifting me some of the DLCs, but I am not really enjoying the game so far...everytime I try to join a public lobby, I get kicked out of it for no reason, even if I ask first (if stealth/loud and safe to join?) before joining the actual game. Also 80% of payday lobbies are full of people using cheats, and I am pretty sure devs are going to do nothing about it.
although i am not very good at it, i am enjoying learning to play
Sticks very true to the original while using the HD textures, one thing I would actually like to see if the rewing ability that is only found on the XBLA version
really fun single player but i imagine it would be even more fun multiplayer you can combine all sorts of stuff , its easy to play and easy to work out the controls i highly recommend this game
This is an amazing game that I highly recommend to anyone who owns a vive. This game keeps you coming back to it and is extremely fun to play!
Bend over and spell RUN cuz you just got swindled out of 50 bucks if you thought this would be anyfun compared to part I
TF2 is fun.Waiting in line for 30 minutes to play TF2 is not fun.I think you see where I\'m going with this.The matchmaking server seems to be made of liquid poop, the kind that you sit on the toilet for an eternity, praying, hoping beyond hope you can replace the fluid fast enough you won\'t be left a dried out husk on the toilet seat. That said, the 12v12 matches are a bit more fun. But not enough I\'d wanna wait 30 minutes for the matchmaking server to stop sniffing it\'s own crotch and start assigning people to actually play the game.Not to mention the fact that apparently "Casual" matchmaking in this case means "Competitive lite", complete with penalties for quitting early.And atop all this fun stuff, the item server seems to go down every time the Game Coordinator server goes down. About every 45 minutes on average, it feels like. So even if you go on a privately run server for the "oldschool" experience (if you can find one that doesn\'t spam advertisements) you might not even have the loadouts you put together, or, god forbid, that shiny ♥♥♥ australium killstreak strange rocket powered lawnchair you love so much.Does matchmaking improve the matches themselves? Kinda, I guess.On the other hand, is it worth all the technical problems it seems to have brought? How about I extend my neck and say Nope.Valve, plz. Fix your ♥♥♥♥. I wanna play the game.
Wonderful game all round!  I deliberately dragged my play through out to 7hours as I didn't want it to end.  That's how much I enjoyed it.  If you have a chance to get this game, do.  Well worth it.      10/10 for this game. The only negative, IF you can call it a negative, is that it's just not long enough.   :P Hope they make (with the same lovely graphics) a sequel for it.
I tried to enjoy this game. May not have played long, but it took less than that for me to get bored. And I usually enjoy games similar to this. Not worth paying anything. Sorry Devs.
this is the best game ever like fallout with spells 11/10
This is a great game. It's in a style that'll never be outdated, it came out when I was mid-way through high school, and it still looks good. The music is great--Hyperduck did an amazing job adding ambience to the game, when coupled with the backgrounds, which were beautifully made. Just... Everything about this game says yes. Buy it. Now. What are you waiting for? Just buy it, and play it. It's that.Damn.Good.
Can someone help me please. Whenever i start i just get a pink screen. I can move and stuff and hear myself moving but all  i see is pink?
 It ruined my life
John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden
This is probably my favourite open world zombie game. Maybe even better than DayZ if you like single player. scavengeing fighting driving and even homebuilding are a part of it. DO NOT PLAY IT WITHOUT AN XBOX CONTROLLER IT DOES NOT LIKE THE MOUSE!!!
 su faboolus ermagerd
Great game but takes a while to get used to. May be hard to get into and frame rate is fairly bad but over all a pretty good game. Playing on the Fochi (sochi) slopstyle map is really fun. Ski's and Poles don't always show up when playing.
Rode a falling tree down a hill and launched my own space program.10/10
This is one of the best games i have played in years. Wow...
play it
The combat is interesting and the story is great.
The cards were good
how does one start this
Very good and very addicting love the community as well as the trading :D
loved the concept years ago, now going to see again if there is an oceanic server so the lag isnt insane!
COOL !!!
awesome game
If Your looking for a COD than this isn't for you If your looking for a semi-tactial game that you will spend your life on that this is for you.11/10 would play again
Just a really fun MMO with a really cool community.
10/10   this game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ worth it teach us so many thingnow i barely know how to survive !#mlggames
You can make a giant ♥♥♥♥♥ out of stuff. Good job game.
HEADSHOT!!! pera... ele ainda ta vivo? É MACUMBAAAAAA
Well Worth the game pretty realistic and starting your own company is challenging and fun reccomened to all
Cheat in a revolver that does over 5000 dmg and one shot every enemy in the game. 10/10
love the feel and look of brofore would recomend it to anyone
It's like windows XP in a game... without the service packs
holy crap i remember playing the first one on one of the old unreal's. if this is half as good it will be my new home for the next couple of days :P
Very relaxing game
Threw a grenade at a tree and died...q.q 10/10 GG NO RE
Pretty solid.
boring not what was told we would get
So Simplistic yet so amazing and jam-packed with slight death.
it will make you cry
A great game if you work together with your crew and a few real life friends, tonnes of action and one of the most stessfull games of this year
You liked Terraria? GET THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME!
My brain: Don't buy the keyMy body: ♥♥♥♥ you brain i don't need youRinse and repeat
CHEATERS
Very good game and if you get bored you can just mod Its so eazy
 
Aram 3 is a game that most gamers need, i have put over 100 hours and am still finding new things out its very fun with or without friends and buying this is worth it. I have played massive 60 player missions and they were very tactical. JUST GET THE GAME
just buy it
I drove 2 mph over the speed limit and was arrested. 8/8 its gr8 m8
BOO
Great game.This is worth buying.
Fun game
Fun game
i fyou dont get it you are gay.
i think GTA 4 has to be one of the best games of all time. The modding community is vast and the mods amazing. it is still an amazing game wether u play the story or not. I have never seen a better game for modding.
Just Cause 2 Is an action packed adventure including the brnad new multiplayer fix that only came out a few weeks ago making the game a whole lot more exciting and fun.Just Cause 2 is a free roam game where you can do anything you want in it,annoy the authority explore diffrent areas and do random missions of your choice.Graphics=I think the graphics in this game are simply outstanding with the water reflections the smooth movements and of course the quality of the graphics after your actions.Characters=There is only one actual character in the game called Scorpio possessing a grappling hook, allowing him to get into all sorts of different places and use it for differnet abilities.Multiplayer =The multiplayer fix that just came out so far has been outstanding.The game becomes a lot more fun with players online joining servers and free roaming,killing and just having the time to enjoy the company of other people in the gameOverall, i think Just Cause 2 is an amazing game not to be ignored for the above qualities that i have mentioned.Just Cause 2 is one of the best games i have played
is a 10/10 game 10/10 would play again
Really bad
Became a blue baby. Like a blue gummy bear baby. That shoots.10/10
Multiplayer only. No other players = no game.At least the main menu music is nice.
Yes I've only played 3.6 hours (At time of review) but holy hell...This game will change your perspective on everything.On my first attempt, I lost one of my characters. I paused the game and stood away from my computer for a good 5 mins, just thinking abou where I went wrong. 2nd attempt (Which is still going at time of review) and I made it to day 9 without anything going wrong, but then that night, I went a little bit too far. My main scavenger was raiding a house with people in it, and I was trying to sneak past, but then I was spotted. One of them had a shotgun, and shot my scav, seveirly wounding him. I hid him in the basement, and let him rest. He couldn't get out. Then the person with the Shotty came down the ladder, and I clobbered her with my hatchet. The other two in the house were un-armed, but I killed them anyway. By the time I had gotten the shotgun, it was 20mins till dawn, and I wasn't getting out in time. He had arrived home that afternoon, but was leathaly wounded and broken. I had one of my guys talk him back into life, and give him some canned food. But...I had no bandages, and didn't have the means to make any. For three nights, I went Searching places for bandages. Even went to the hospital, but they wouldn't help. That night, my main scavenger died from his wounds.I give this game a 9.5/10 on the feel raiting, and a 9/10 on the game itself.~Vri
OH GOOD THE FEELS ARE HERE WHY DID TEH GAME END SO QUICK WHY DID BRAD ♥♥♥♥ING GET HER BACK HE DOESNT DESERVE HERI ♥♥♥♥ED HER FIRST SHES MINE ♥♥♥ 1v1 MEPLEASE MAKE A SEQUEL WHERE UR GOAL IS TO MAKE BRAD AND EMILY BREAK UP
hay i got the game and started to download it but when it did it reset and makes me redownload it what do i do please help
This game is Very Very Very ♥♥♥♥ :3
Payday is a very nice game and all but the gunplay lacks in the way of sensitivity and user friendlyness, when I was a lower level I could not aim the carbine unless the guy was directly infront of me so I went with the pistol because it waqs accurate and easy to use compared to the terrible iron sites. The AI are decent but at times they can pull some fancy tricks to catch you with your pants down (in normal difficulty). Unfortunantly, to my annoyance, there are only a couple of levels that allow for stealth approaches (whats the point of surpressed weapons), and that the stealth sections were badly made, splutter splutter diamond hiest, and the friedly ai dont give a ♥♥♥♥ about stealth.I found that the game is great if you liked L4D2 and like L4D2 it is largely based on teamwork but it is the best to play if you have a crew with all your mates in it. Dont freak if you dont have a mic and most of all get a bunch of mates and do OVERDRILL, it the best way to level up. 9/10
gg
This game.The whole concept of the game is saving yourself from jumpscares, and thats why its so good. This game is diffrent from other games. Its a horror game but you know when the jumpscares are going to happen, (Most of the time) This is a great game if you loves stratagy, you have to keep track of the animtronics and play how to stop them. This game is great and can be great seeing other people's reactions. Great game Scott <3 10/10
78 minutes of pressing W and crying my little eyes out. I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys tissues,
เป็นเกมที่สนุกมากครับ ภาพ เกมส์นี้ใช้ได้เลยครับเสียงก็สมจริงอยู่ครับการยิง การเปรี่ยนกระสุนก็สมจริงแนะนำครับ ถึงจะเล่นหลายคนไม่ได้ แต่เกมส์ก็สนุก
pointless.
Its A Amazing Game
Well made game. Really addictive and the plot is terrific. Would reccomend.
The only thing I like more than writing ♥♥♥♥♥♥ reviews is playing a game like DotA...Between all non-English speaking people playing on English speaking servers,A lack of any form in in-game story,Bad teammates,Confusing gameplayand ♥♥♥♥♥♥ lag...I've had some of the best times of my life.Solid 12/10
Awesome game
love both borderland games they always alot of fun spesh when you get a few mates to play with you :)
It helped me end my drug addiction so there's that. :\\
PLAY IT AND FIND THE AWESOMENESS WITHIN
Good Game fun
Great free to play gameHOURS OF FUN!!!
Best fun you will ever have online.IT'S A MUST HAVE FOR EVERYONE'S GAME COLLECTION!
Greatest mmorpg that i've ever played. Graphic is awesome and skill is easy to understand and clear.
great game but too heavily weighed down by pay to win
♥♥♥♥♥♥
tf2 is a game i would recommend to all my friends because is a really even type game there is no op guns and there all diffent classes for diffent type of peoples styles so it is a really enjoyable game
It's a wonder how this game be cute, funny, creepy and sad all in such a short few moments. This game honestly has been such an enjoyment to play. A great RPG with great puzzles, awesome characters and great boss battles. MAN, the boss battles (EPIC!!).  I give this game a          Hoi I'm Temmie / and this is my friend Temmie.Edit: I've only played the Nice guy way and I'm too scared to try the other. Scary  D:
♥♥♥♥ing smae ♥♥♥♥, p[eice of ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ this game so ♥♥♥♥ shit suck my white review game is ♥♥♥♥ i wish it never was for free it ♥♥♥♥\n\nP.S It's in Beta so probs be fixed
Definatly worth the money I paid for the game!
This game is really good would recomend it!!
Low Violence....Fun gameplay I guess.
What simcity should have been...
Best Game 2014 10/10 You Can Have A Mario MustachePledge Yourself To The Brendomir Covenant
Yes
Really fun to play with friends.
Assasin's Creed IV Black Flag is the best game of the Assasin's Creed series. It has a good plot line. Much lesser glitches than Assasin's Creed 3. Much BETTER naval combat than Assasin's Creed 3. Better multiplayer and combat. The environment is also much more realistic than Assasin's Creed 3. The 59.99 dollars I had to spend, It was all worth it!
Fantastic game. I recommend it. If you feel like some 1P FPS open-world action with a cool story - here it is. It doesnt get better than this.
Amazing game, loads of fun
Extremely steep learning curve. The learning curve is so steep that beginners might quit before they get decent.. You WILL suck until you force yourself to drop bad habbits acquired from competing shooters. 9.5/10.
Extremely steep learning curve. The learning curve is so steep that beginners might quit before they get decent.. You WILL suck until you force yourself to drop bad habbits acquired from competing shooters. 9.5/10.
A Great game if you love huge massive battle just be prepared to have to have a mic to talk.
Just an amazingly beautiful game.
Playing this game will definnetly require a squire to protect you and also bazillions of guns.10/10
Won't Work on Shared Account
I was hyped i will admit but after beating the game in 1 hour and what they said would be in the game not being there, i have to say that i dont hate the game, i hate the developers. YOU WANT ME TO PAY FOR DLC! WELL GO ♥♥♥♥ YOURSELF TOO
Me and friend lined a helicopter up with a roof of a silo. We both took deep breathes as i stepped back getting ready to leep from the roof to the door of the heli. I take one step I here the gravel crunch under my characters boot time slowed down it felt as if I was in the game . Time then starts to speed back up I pushed my speed to its limit stepping of the building i leep towards the heli i prepare to climb abord ..... I land on the side of the heli still running and some how run up the side over the top and down the other side to fall to my death . super realistic  10/10
Great game
yay everything is fine again
it sucks
This game is an allround tactical action filled sandbox game, and could be more of a great game if more people joined in the fun and help this young app become a great game. get this now, and GO FLY SOME CHICKENS!!!
Amazing. If you love Game of Thrones you will love this game 10/10
Great and well done, very interesting and has great special effects
This is a good strategy game and if your playing the Imperial guard treat them like German Wermach and Panzer Elite and The British
Better then Destiny
-spawned-found a crossbow with arrows -proceeded to impersonate daryl dixon from TWDI rate 8/8 m8
Team Fortress 2 is a fun first-person shooter which can easily improve teamwork among others. I wish I could say that, but everyone cares about hats instead. But that's ok because TF2 can get away with things like this. No reason why, just because it's TF2
Kill everyone ;)I dare you :)They'll try to make you pity them. Don't believe them.It's kill or be killed and they know it. They just want to take your soul.Why not give them a tase of their own medicine?
One of the most played game and my first online game =D. Thanks to Valve for making such a wonderful game. Sadly im still F2P player XD
This is one of the best 1st person shooters on the market. Even better. . . .     it's free to play.
Dota 2 is not for you.
really friggin great has really cool classes like rogue and archer
Very Very good and fun 10/10Très Très bien et amusant 10/10
best ♥♥♥♥ing game ever
555555555
É o melhor jogo do MUNDOO GRÁTIS!!! ^^
Exxelent game. Great combat and wepons. Not a pay 2 win and great in multplayer. Great fun! :)
Too Awesome
New dlc features Cup holders 10/10 would buy
Awesome Game!! Buy It!! I have had hours of fun on this game, and the devs are doing a fantastic job! Check out their monthly update video.
Amazing game. Can bear to take my eyes from the game.
Much fun. Much skill. Much wow.
VERY ROCK AND INDIE GAME10/10
i have a problem where i finish everything that is possible within games and after 12 hours i still have a few things to doOthers May get Twice or even 3 times more game play out of this than me,i can say this game is amazing, beautiful and alot of other great things. But not perfect as you should expect from a early access.The people behind this game are so on to it that they have a build in Feed back Feature and not only that, you get and achievement for doing so.but yea, over all a 9/10 for absolutely everything within this gameKinda like Minecraft, Space engineers and the long dark staged underwater, But cooler and more awesome
Turned-based strategy game. Read the tutorials and save yourself the frustration. Great game!
GOTY every year homies
If I could go back in time and choose between saving Harambe and stopping myself buying this game...Even that wouldn't be a tough choice.
Gr8 gaem yis. I can make the heckin birb empire like I always wanted to yesh~
Unfortunately i didnt get my wife to play it so i didnt find it fun :(
I like the game itself, with the hats and allThe big Gun Mettle update reset at 90% for me, and I'm still waiting for it to update as i write this here review.
Over-run with haxors!
primal carnage is fun and i recomend it, its fun to fly around and pick up people or jump on them and eat their faces off
please help i got a Uplay account but i cannot find my activation code?
Thanks to Dota 2, I failed Key Plus Math, moved down to Key Math and then failed that too. I started playing when I was 15 and now I am 127 and I still haven't had sex yet. Thanks Valve!10/10
Get flamed to level 3, play comp, get better, flame the newbs and repeat.10/10 would flame again
it is very scary but a little bit hard
All i can say is that this games matchmaking is so poor it ridiculous, to the point were every game a rank 1 hunter would always be lobbed against me and my frineds, who are not even past 20. This game is broken.
This game is absolutely beautiful. Both the art and soundtrack are great, and it also plays really well. Actually dying is surprisingly hard to do so long as you know what you're doing, so that's also a plus.It's a good challenge figuring out which Functions work best together. I usually keep Jaunt() on hand for mobility.This is as much a work of art as it is a gorgeous game.
I used to have crippling depression but after playing bad rats I am now a happily married man with 2 great kids who also play bad rats and who are also happily married..to each other but that doesn't because we all have bad rats in our lives
Very good and amzing
I died
really kabam? YOU RUIND THE GAME
good game
Simple and unique. One of the best games on steam.
World's best hat simulator.
Ugly man
Very nice game very nice. A whole bundle of fun for you and your friends. Defenitley worth every cent could have purchased a better game
Rust is a very interesting game. Its not quite like any other games that i have played in the way that it can be very hard or very easy. It's a very enjoyable experience but once you have gotten up to the best teer guns and armour, there's not much else to it. Giving that it is only in alpha it is still a very good game.
I still prefer CS:S over CS:GO but this game is still amazing. With lots of improvements its a great CS game. The gameplay is amazing, the graphics and the game is just greatI totally recommend this game to any person who play shooters.
Good game
its great :D
OP
Mad as game so fun to play Ez skins Ez life
This is a amazing game and I highly recomend it
Pretty good game.
Aw jeez I forgot to refund this game
A game that a fan of stealth or action can play. Fun and always changing. Definitely worth taking a look at.
Jogo Bala
yeah its alright
yeah its alright
It makes me moist. If for some reason anyone didn't own this game, they need to spend less time watching porn and get it.
cute NEKO(cat) and awesome game. 10/10
i like this game:)
This a very good game and the skins on guns makes it just that bit better :D I love it!
I Really Enjoy The Idea Of The Game, Its Like Soccer on Cars. The concept of the game is great and i love the way everything works.
This 'game' is awesome! If you don't have it, HAVE IT!
For the short amount of time i played. I really enjoyed it. The dragons looked cool and each has unique abilities.  My game did glitch a bit with the ability icons but other then that i had fun.
such a great game
It's a awsome first person 3D game that i ever played. :)
Hats. Dat iz all.Thx 4 reeding. Pls liek, komment and subsroob for moar neinkraft.
I honestly wish there was more of this game. It's a thought provoking game. and it hits you in the feels. The music was damn good, inded good enough for me to download the sounds track. 10/10
I LIKE CHEESE
making this a free to play was the best move they could have made and it has come along way. better blanced all round game 10/10
SPENT ALL MY CHILDHOOD ON THIS GAME
Amazing game. Sooo much fun !! 10/10 would bang again i mean play again ;)
nao joga, vai custar sua alma cara!!! no começo vc vai ficar feliz, aventureiro, divertido ate que vc morre e perde tudo e a depressão cai sobre sua cabeça
awesome game remmand it very much because a very rich story line (mind you i love AC) but i do love french so a bit bad that they made the french the main bad guys becausew the spanish where more into slavery than the french where talking about 1700's but still very good game
Launched a rocketcrashed cuz its too hardwent to the internetdownloaded mechjebattached it to my rocketfinally went to orbit11/10 would help my prospects in joining the north korean space program
มันมาก
Can I get my money back pls?
Best hat simulator ever.
great game. best with friends. works fine even though its is alpha although it crashes when i try to quit the game lol. oh yeah prepare to die a lot. one of the most fun but depressing games i have ever played
Flowey from Undertale: "In this world, It\'s KILL OR BE KILLED!"
This game is fantastic.Don't starve gives you unlimited hours of challenging fun and now with the addition of multiplayer it takes this game to a whole new level of amazing.
Oh my god, where the hell do i start...This game is amazingly funny. You can not go though the game without having a small laugh about the refrences to multiple things like, the KKK, items from past episodes of South Park, Skyrim and pokemon. You can go though the small little town as your own little character, with funny clothing and weapons. If you want to be an abortion doctor, you can! If you want to be Robin Hood, you can! The amount of creativity is astonashing (wish i could say the same about No Man\'s Sky) You are the chosen one, the new kid that chooses sides during the battle for the stick of truth, siding with all your favourite characters with budders, kyle, stan, cartman and princess kenny! If i must rate this, it would be a huge fat sloppy slap of 10/10! Hyped of "South Park: The Fractured, but whole" game coming soon ;)
Awesome
scribblenauts.. haha ! the game is damn fun ! basically, you have this magical book and whenever u write something in it, it becomes real life (not everything) highly recommended if you have an imaginative mind and a playful mind too
Great game reminds me of Diablo with a new flavour
Me parece un buen remake, me encanta. Posee buenas mejoras en el control.
Its to die for!
I play Outlast with the lights off because I'm hard as nails
It\'s pretty good/fun how it is right now You can select 2 different people (so far) for each role on your ship eg. Enigneer, Pilot and Captain.You don\'t actually play as them and all that but you do hear them talking alot and telling you when you\'re ready to jump.Things I would like to see in the future;Naming your ships so it feels more personal and you feel like you\'re your own unique flagship when everyone on your team is also a flagship.Increase flagship speed, a few times now i\'ve joined a match, started to speed up and try to get into the zone where my team is and then the game ends because my team lost (again) It\'s not a super large problem but if it\'s just 3 minutes then I lose, I atleast want to spend that time getting into the combat and not trying to slowly fly into combat...ALSO I really hope they manage to increase the speed in when you "log on" and search for servers because so far it takes alooooooooong time and i just want to get into the game so plz Dev\'s work on that.Overall great game an I really hope it improves in the future.
Really fun, cool gameplay, nice combat system, some tense moments (looking at you Killer Croc) and a great story. A must for anyone who loves Batman!
Welcome to an amazing tower defence/attack game, in which you suddenly realize at the last moment that none of your traps do anything.I mean, seriously, when that happens: you're tokyo, and the wave is f***ing godzilla.
"The instruction at 0x010a7e1b referenced memory at 0x00000004. The memory could not be written."
Fun vibe and immersive soundtrack, love this game 10/10!
One Shot One KillNo Luck Just Skill
This game is really good, hope development goes well!
Brilliant stuff, where mechanics are secondary to story. Doesn't overstay its welcome, and allows me to play myself, a fat dude, in a game. Class act, with remarkable character voicing: the amount you can infer from walkie-talkie conversations turns out to be quite a bit.
Great fun!
One of the best underrated RPG'S of the last generation
Planetside 2 is a Sci-fi MMO shooter with three factions fighting over a planet's resources and territory with many classes of military such as light assault, heavy assault, medic ect. if you have friends (the more the merrier) to play with you can create a squad and work together as a team. But overall it is fun if you comit a good amount of time and have a good squad you can have the best organised chaos in a MMO game, i would defenatly recomend Planetside 2 (it's free)
I'm alright with dead corpses.It's alright when I'm staring at a cut-in-half head.I'm all good with killing other humans.I'm alright with gore at every turn.I don't care if people are on fire.But if I see a dead dog, I get all sad, angry and emotional.Please help me.
The creatures you are able to create in this game is a selling point in itself, but gameplay is simple, fun and really rewarding!
PlanetSide 2 is far more polished than it has any right to be. The game contains three (soon to be four) vast battlefields, each capable of holding hundreds (if not thousands) of individual players, allowing infantry and vehicular warfare on a colossal scale.Described by many as Battlefield + Halo, this comparison is quite accurate, but PlanetSide 2 manages to dwarf both games in terms of scale and sheer ambition.Each of the six character classes and eight vehicles (five land, three air) each have their own large upgrade trees to complete, though the game encourages you to adopt a certain role over another, instead of being the jack of all trades. There are also a huge amount of weapons to collect, with no gun unfairly balanced. These weapons may be purchased with real money, but they may also be unlocked by simply playing the game.However, judging by my personal experience, leveling up seems quite slow (I have over 200 hours spent in-game, but I'm not even level 30 yet).Like most massively multiplayer games, PlanetSide 2 is best enjoyed with friends.TL;DR: Unless you have an atrocious download speed/cap, there is no excuse not to try PlanetSide 2.
Trove was fun... Until the Fire Nation updated the game.
personally, i really liked the artstyle and plot, the game mechanics and stealth where also very good, i love this game and i have played (steam says) about 155 hours, i have finished the game in low chaos and high chaos, i really recomend to play this game, killing everyone berserker mode or sneaking trought all the game is preatty sweet, the only thing i disliked is the hiding of the runes, the 5 - 6 times i have finished the game i have never founded all the runes and i miss like 3 or 4 magical upgrades with runes.Really recomended
10/10 IGN Quick to uninstall m8
Excelente Juego CO OP Para pasar un rato con vuestros amigos ;)
does the job
Expected much more from Bioshock :[
Quem nunca quis jogar futebol com um carro né. puff
bueno :v
Jogo perfeito para quem gosta de liberdade!
Esse jogo é incrivel muito bom,bem nele vc cria veiculos como helicopteros,jatos,tanques ou qualquer coisa q vier na sua mente hehe ,ele nos faz usar um pouco a cabeça a critividade o q eu acho muito bom.Infelizmente por enquanto ocorre uns bug mas nada grave é por isso q tem o early acess para testarmos e esse jogo n ta livre bugs.no jogo n aconteceu pelomenos comigo bugs q atrapalhasem muito.o jogo em si é bem simples as coisas funcionam muito bem e é bem fluido o jogo n é pay to win o q eu acho muito bom mas claro q se o cara paga é bem mais facil a conexao do jogo n é ruim a n ser q sua net seje ruimno jogo a varias coisas a se fazer liberar e etc, o q prolonga mais as horas de jogo bem esse jogo é otimo e espero q venha muita mais coisa para q eu joga muito mais hehehehhe.recomendo muito esse jogo ainda mais com os amigos q deixa a experiencia muito melhor.recomendadissimo!
Very addictive and fun !
Touching
fricken awesome
สนุกมากคุ้มกับเงินเล่นเพลินๆ
The Greatest fun u can get is from this very game Its has Trading,Modes,And much much more its a big size game and its been around for a long time since the first tf2 was a doom mod then a half life mod Now its using source engi whit good pyhsics and its server are pretty fun i hope all i hope to see is this game in most of people profile
A simple platformer 3v3 with strategy of defense and offense. Upgrading plays a key part in gaining victory, when to attack and being able to withstand your opponents. Each character is unique, with each having a 'fighting style', healer/status, melee and range. Overall i love it and my review isn't enough to describe the game to you.P.S For some reason this game reminds me of Rachet and Clank,
It is been along time since someone a quality and unique survival game, but I hope thay add the ability to craft houses.
The best free to play game i have seen in a long time
Para fans da DC Comics, como Superman, Batman, Wonderwoman e Flash, recomendo este jogo de MMORPG muito bom e ainda gratis!!!
This game is visually stunning, has great animations, and the intro scene is interactive and teaches you about the physically-based crafting system. The only (very minor) issue I had was the lack of graphics settings, there is no resolution setting, so no matter what you put the resolution on it will default back to your screen's native resolution. Other than that, this game is well worth the $15.
This game. This game. This game has brought numerous gamers countless hours of fun and procrastination. This game may not bring much to the table in terms of gameplay, and it may come across as a childish, and perhaps overrated game. And maybe, just maybe, you\'re right. But let me tell you what has been told a million times before: This game is ridiculously fun.Seriously, no money to hand over, no advertisements, and you start with a fair bit for a F2P game. This is singlehandedly the best multiplayer game I have ever played. From it\'s ever expanding community, do it\'s deep roots with the past, to it\'s ever changing gameplay, this game is AMAZING. Not only that, but the openness of the game must truely push the Source engine to the limit.I\'m going to stop ranting now. Do you have 15-ish GB of internet to spare on a game that will stay alive for years to come? You do? Then get the game.All those pictures of Spycrabs and rapping demomen will make so much more sense when you actually start playing.EDIT: I have just gone through the negative section and 90% of the negative posts go something along these lines: TF2 has hats. Hats=ruined game. Seriously, if you don\'t like trading, are tired of getting scammed, think the trading community is bad, then guess what? DON\'T TRADE. Hats aren\'t an integral part of TF2. I\'ve met many good players who wear gibus\' for the sake of getting surprise kills. There are three types of people who play TF2: The players, the traders, and the MVMers. Please, invest in them all. It\'s a good "learning experience." Heck, when you become and experienced player, you can help other new players. But please, if you do find a reason good enough to drop the game, comment it below. I WOULD LOVE TO HEAR IT :3
its really fun once you get into it.   9/10
is fun
Love this game and hope to play more soon
If you leave 1 man behind on a ship he will cannon his teammates to bits. Treason at its finest. 11/10
this game is one of the best games i have ever played and better yet, its free to play
This goes to all ♥♥♥♥ wits that dont like this game cause its realistic for one its easy to get infected yes what the ♥♥♥♥ do you think would happen if a zombie bit you second a melee is slow cause it has to be you go out and swing a sledge hammer and i can garentee the guy in game is stronger then you,yes its slow paised but if you were in a zombie apocalypse do you think youll be running around shooting everything in sight (if you would your a ♥♥♥♥ wit and wouldn't last five minutes) ok i guess what im getting at is the people that vote up the game and the guys in game have balls
This game is designed to give you anxiety problems, tourettes syndrome, low self esteem, mood swings, bipolar disorder, loss of friends and family, racism, erections that last for hours when your team knows how to use abilities and not auto attack. *DISCLAMER* the best tool on the internet to learn languages, such as, but not limited to: Russian, Porteguese, spanish and many more! also includes hours of fun, you only have to select which country will yell swears at you and youre good to go. you can kill donkeys with an array of brutal weaponry, but the biggest flaw in this perfect language learning program, isYOU CANT ♥♥♥♥ING JUMPO/10 wouldnt recommend.
MLG Pro Narwhalin'. What more could you want in life.
cs:go skins
This is one of the most cinematic games I have played this year and very well-made. Well worth its price tag!
yesh
Not as great as the 2nd borderlands but it keeps true to the originals
I love this game
Fun
Banished is the kind of game that teaches you life skills of persistence and to never give up. Especially when I plague comes over your whole town and kills everyone. Banished is a great city builder that doesn't contain a large amount of micro-managing. By no means does this make the game any easier. It is brutual and will cause you to think of different ways to approach each new town. The music is incredible and sometimes great to just relax to. This is the kind of game that keeps bringing you back, thinking that the next town will be better. A style in which the more you player the greater the knowledge you will attain.9/10
Simple fun mayhem!
Great game
at first this game is good to play but it dose get repetitive after a while they need to change things a lot to keep it interesting
banter
Its good i love how they still make things desame like my childhood :D
I Had a girlfriendI exchanged her for a B.M.O.C10/10 would exchange again
Simply Doesn't work, GFWL will stop you from saving or playing online, seriously. WHY! Playing offline makes a semblence of sence, but not saving. What does microsoft achive from this? Stopping all from playing without going through the game in one sitting (a suicide mission) or using illeagle cracks. They apparantly fixed this problem but still, everytime I load it commands me to install and log into GFWL no problem if it acctualy ♥♥♥♥ing worked. Don't resk it, get in console or pirate it, just don't ♥♥♥♥ing buy it.
This game is funny as f***! Needs online though.Majority/10
good game if you've never been to Auatralia to experience it yourself
finally a nother best Free FPS game  :D
Back in the old days when flash games were decent and not just asset rip offs.  One of the "Gems" i used to play during my younger school years.Always a good game and a classic.
The best strategy game i have ever played. Hours of fun.
Great Game
>Can't put machine guns on rotors to make them shoot/spin faster
this game is fun
Medieval II Total War is a RTS (real time sratergy) of sorts that lets you play as one of the medieval super powers of that age, each with their own strengths and weaknesses.For example France has the best knights in the game but suffers when it comes to infantry whether they be archers or spear men. But England has worse knights but better foot soldiers.When starting the game the player has a number of options (besides the options menu and quiting the game of course). I have not covered  multiplayer in this review as I have no idea if any of the public servers work as I have never tried any of them,  but the single player,  oh boy i can tell you,  that it is good.First off the game gives you a custom battle mode. So, if you ever wondered what it would be like to have an army of nothing but peasants charge a fully equipped renaissance castle filled to the brim with archers with flaming arows, now you can find out!Then there\'s the campaign which might be confusing to some, but I suggest either looking up some hints and tips on the forums or replaying the tutorial. The campaign also has diplomacy, and very good diplomacy at that. And the best part is, the A.I does make deals with you that are in your favour, such as giving you gold or line of sight to where they live if you ally with them. As well as that there are spies for taking a peek at what your foes are doing and how big a force they have, as well as assasins for when you just need to go all stabby, stabby on that certain duke or king.Even though the graphics are not up to date whith what todays graphics are, they still look good even if you zoom right in on people\'s faces.That, and the way a castle looks when you bring its walls down with everyone on top falling through the new hole you just made, is awsome.The game also involves a lot of strategy. I can tell. And even if you sort of suck at it, like I do, you can still have a lot of fun witth this game. Basic tactics (allthough not as good) can still win you the game, at least against the medium A.I. as charging your entire hourse-back army down a hill to smash into your foe\'s unprotected rear is a tactic.Also, this game handles flaming projectiles really well, as hitting your enemy\'s peasants feels really satisfying, as well as making you really glad that you are not one of  those poor fools. This goes for catapults and trebuchets as well, exept bigger and much more deadly ones. You can also make enemy siege weapons burn down, which makes you feel like such a troll to the stupid A.I.  As you say "nope!" as your archers burn down an entire siege tower and the men who were just using it are forced to use ladders, only to be poked to death by your spear-men, now waiting at the top for them.So, all in all, I give it a 9/10 as there are some things that bug me a little, such as 1 guy with a leather shield blocking 10 arrows at once or a knight in full plate-mail bursting into flames at the first fire arrow.
This game has a very good gameplay....It was the funniest multiplayer survival games thai i ever play!!!!
good game
I feel that the game crashes in gta are just part of the experience, the game requires a very very very patient person and a very very very large hard drive to keep all the backup folders. I suggest buying this for the soul purpose of getting a Kim Jong un mod and shooting the ♥♥♥♥ out of him, also I recommend GTA V as it will be delayed again and they will just take your money and laugh. All in all 21/10 would bang again.
Great game but has its glitches if u can put up with a glitch  here or there very enjoyable
Great game, free to play, go play!
Really really fun and immersive game, gotta love the punishments you get when you make dumb descisions like trying to win a fight with an overpowered group of bandits and being captured by them if you're not strong enough. Really recommend this to anyone who loved Dark Souls or Oblivion
Really fun too play. I love a lot of the gamemodes.I love playing online with friends,
WOOOO HOOOOO
I love this - it's stunning & relaxing. I've been putting everyone who calls over in here for a taster of my ney toy and watch their jaws drop
Awesome game to leave on all night for no apparent reason, starts to get to your head, but love it!
BEST FPS GAME FOREVAHHHHH!!
press "R" to restart...
O melhor jogo! Merece o GOTY!
This game is rad but my friends don't like me wrecking face.Please get the game, nobody wants to play with me.I had someone roll a 1/4 chance of killing themselves and they killed themselves 4 times in a row.Santa rabbit, stars get.
El primero y mas viciantes de los que juegue en steam Recomendadisimo!!!!
Give this game a thumbsup mon. Coz this is good.Still have a validating problem tho.
This game has landmines. Use landmines as base defense. Lost all my gear.11/10 would play again.
Op
Fun game
Something that Portal does that stands out to me is the villian. GLaDOS is up there for me as best video game villian of all time along with Vaas of Far Cry 3 and Handsome Jack of Borderlands.
nice learning curve... easy on the fingers... pwnage incoming
Not many hours as I just recently got the game...>Loaded In>Join squad 3>Picked Grenadier>Got to the train station>Squad 4 turn rogue start tk'ing>Have to hold off squad 4>Defeat squad 4 and commemorate lost squad 3 soldiers with coloured smoke>Discover we were all at the wrong point>Lose by 300 tickets10/10 would defeat rogues again
Love how the levels are randomly generated with such a variety of weapons and armor
Very interesting game. It's a good challenge. Definitely have to put some time into it to become good
Well, aside from the fact its a point click shoot game, since anybody can do it, thats why its challenging
I ate my shrimp, sexted badly, freaked out a little bit when i was looking for the man in the cage and hung myself. I liked the ending though, how you get more options with the ages and methods. I really hope they update this game, love the vibe of it. 10/Shia
sexy
Such a great game!!!!!!
I play it in the toilet because its so portable!
It can be addictive, but it needs more content.
this game is an amazing and rare breed and must be tried by card and board game lovers everywhere.everything from the fact that you can choose which encounter you want to the condescending and sarcastic remarks by the dealer makes it feel authentic.the game does not let up on the different and difficult cards and choices you'll have to make. Do u want to feed a hungry man even though you only have a bit of food left? Do you feel like returning the sword and shield of a dead man for his funeral or would rather keep it? all these is what keeps you invested in this game in the long run.although the combat section is boring and pretty simple, they're short and dont take up much of your time.Again, this game is a must buy for lovers of board and card games and i heavily recommend it.
Well almost 800 hours of time would tell you i have thoroughly enjoyed this game, massive amount of content and another update soon to come.For $3 if you don't have this game i recommend you buy it, it's a great time killer and it is alot of fun
Is this game good: YesIs this game easy to learn: YesIs this game easy to be mastered: ♥♥♥♥ No, you have to have a functioning brain and persistence to continue through your rut to succeed.Is it worth the money: Yes if you like fun time with friends, if you have no friends, yeah, stop reading this.Big Tip: Friends make this game better.Plz play bby, its sssaaahhh good.
i dont recommend this game beacuse it ius to difficult to play with other players in Untyrned.
1 of the best game to play with friends, i never regret and dissapoint from this game. I love their game when they release castle crasher. And this game have a lot of fun to play with. Never Regret!
I love aliens
addictive game
Es un juego divertido si tienes mods, lo recomiendo a las personas que tienen laptop o Pc (Con "LapTop" debes descargar un commandline en youtube, "SOLO PARA COMPUTADORES SIN TARJETA DE GRAFICOS) en general el juego salio en 2008 y sigue siendo el mejor (tambien el san andreas c:) 9/10
now i dont usally write reviews to games but this is beond belief. the models are clearly re-textured from earlier arma games. and there are only like 20 vehicles in game, and most of them you have to pay extra money to have them. seriously , why buy $50 for a game thats going to ask for more money for less stuff. the only good thing in the game is the charecter customizer and thats not much to be cared for.
JUST TOOO GOOD WITH ALL THE BEST CHARECTERS.
this controller is far from perfect but it has great potential, but as it is, i dont think i can recommend it YET.... ive spent hours on configuring a profile for the controller only to have it mess up when i try to save it, because some times it resets all the changes i saved in the profile and puts it back to the default configuration....you can only save 3 configuration for ANYTHING out side of steam, with no way to switch  between them quick and conveniently as it has to be done in steam big picture mode , which crashes randomly sometimes.. when that happens, the controller stops responding and youll need to go back to your mouse and keyboard to open it again,  the controller is too tethered to steam which i feel hinders its utility.touch menu function unfortunately doesnt work on desktopthe gamepads onscreen keyboard is a little buggy as the trackpads dont register touch as responsively near the edges.
Best game ever..
love this
i sp00ked too hard.
I spent 39 cents on this game when it was on sale and have played about 16 hours as I write this review. Thats less than 3 cents per hour i've played. If that doesnt tell you that this game is great, I don't know what will. Get this game.
die from grenade spam, 30seconds respawn timedie from grenade spam, another 30second respawn timedie from arty, another 30 second respawn timeget spawn killed by more grenade spam 20seconds respawn timeatleast its generous with spawn kills
UNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVEDUNITSRECEIVED
 What is Counter Strike: Source? It is a multiplayer first-person shooter which is a remake of the original Counter Strike that focuses on the teams of Counter-Terrorists against Terrorists, this game includes plenty of maps including some well known maps such as de_dust2 with the gamemode of Bomb defusal and cs_office having the gamemode of Hostage rescue.This game involves quite a bit of skill unlike other first-person shooters out there which can be hard to get used to. How it Works This game takes quite a bit of skill as said previously, it requires knowledge and understanding of the game. This can mean learning the economics of the game, from nade usage to shooting and compnesating spray control. As you progress you will start to learn these things. Learning is what makes this game longer-lasting and more enjoyable than other first-person shooters. Popular Gamemodes  Bomb Defusal This is a gamemode with the main objective where the Counter-Terrorists try to prevent the Terrorists from planting at either Bomb sites A or B. There are 2 ways that will give you victory, as Counter-Terrorists you can eliminate the enemy team or defuse the bomb before it explodes. When playing as Terrorist you can win doing the same thing as the Counter-Terrorists which is eliminating the enemy team or planting the bomb and letting it explode. Hostage Rescue A gamemode which has hostages that are placed where the Terrorist spawn, same concept with the wiping out enemy team but instead of the Terrorists objective to plant the bomb, it is the Counter-Terrorist to rescue the hostages and take them back to where the Counter-Terrorists spawn. Custom Gamemodes Lastly in Counter Strike: Source you will be seeing a lot of custom maps and servers which make up majority of the servers nowadays. These gamemodes go from minigames to bhop and surf with plenty of other custom gamemodes to chose from. Custom gamemodes are especially fun to play when you are bored or just looking for something to play with your mates. Conclusion Well worth buying it if it goes on sale a little bit cheaper as it is a little old and not worth the $20 at the moment. Worth all the 200+ hours on this game however there aren't as much servers as they use to be because it is getting old and there are mods that are available which are a load of fun to play such as Jailbreak and Zombies. Hands down the best game for its time and maybe even today (at least for me). I do recommend this game to those who are thinking of purchasing it although you better purchase it soon as servers are getting wiped. Although if you are still wanting the Counter Strike Experience you can switch over to CS:GO (Counter Strike: Global Offensive). Its a good alternative but I still prefer Counter Strike: Source over it9.5/10
wtf
Fun game, but not worth the $40 i payed for it
Borderlands: The Pre Sequel! is the latest addition to the looter shooter series Borderlands. This game is set between Borderlands 1 and 2 and tells the tale of new Vault Hunters working for everyone's favourite charming psychopath Handsome Jack. The new Vault Hunters and the story of Handsome Jack's plight are top notch, however this game is plagued by a fair number of issues. Athena, Wilhelm, Nisha and Claptrap are a blast to play, which they owe to their unique action skills and distinct skill trees. The narrative is enjoyable if somewhat predictable and adds some depth to the demonised Handsome Jack. Now for the bad stuff, essentially this game can be viewed as a large mod for Borderlands 2 as it is built on the same engine. Additionally The Pre Sequel's end game is hampered by un-respawning bosses and an expansive list of unobtainable legendary gear. Many enjoyable boss battles can only be played once per playthrough and most of the legendaries can only be obtained via the grinder. Speaking of legendaries; most of these will be familiar from Borderlands 2, some at least have been renamed in the hopes that we won't notice. With recent patches failing to acknowledge key issues in the game unless you are a true Borderlands fan you won't find much reason to continue playing past playthrough number 1. All in all the Pre Sequel was thoroughly enjoyable on its first playthrough, the inclusion of Ocker Australian humor and the fantastic narrative provided enjoyment but the lack of end is sorely noticed. Is it worth its price tag? Hell no. Get this game when its on sale.
Great game. Hope to see where it goes.
one of the most enjoyable and emotional games i have ever played this game will be remembered for a long long time and the first playthrough was amazing and i have played through the game a few times just to see what the other choices were, but this game is amazing and is definatly worth the money
Hours of fun, defineltly a game to relise your inner pony and just F***k sh*t up.Haha, but in all seriousness its worth a try, you have nothing to lose.
it won't let me play with my freind
so guns so heavy so wow
Very fun with friends. has lots of comunity support Mods/maps
Very fun with friends. has lots of comunity support Mods/maps
Tf2 es uno de los mejores juegos free to play que puede aver super recomendado
good game
I think it might be the most balanced multiplayer experience I've ever played.Extremely addictive, I stayed up until the early hours of the morning for days in a row playing solidly. Pretty quick to pick up and it isn't frustrating, even when you lose. There is a constant drive to keep playing and practicing even after you have learned how to play.
get ♥♥♥♥ after a while
I played this before the steam update. About 60+ hours, I am not too sure.TLDR; Having the mindset, Surving to get to the endgame win. Wont make this game fun. Enjoy the journey, Your playthrough is a story.Pros: - Minimal bugs (There is still some but its better than other Early Access or even full release games) - Replayable - Can run on most computers - Great Mod support + Great Mods - UnforgivingCons: - Have to have the right mindset to the play game (its not a competitive game) - No tutorial that will explain everything that you can do in the game - Base game doesnt have allot of content to entertain some people (But mods can help that) - UnforgivingMy First Experience:I went into this game thinking i should only survive to win the game. With that mindset i set aside the story of my playthrough and didnt enjoy the game much. Got angry when i lost, Got angry when i didnt understand something and Got angry at how i thought this game was bad/stupid/unfair. That resulted in me using dev mod to cheat. That wasnt fun for me and the game only lasted 5 hours with that mindset.I came back to it after a few update and the devs said its a story generator and the aim isnt to win.I changed my view of the game and created another colony. Taking every event in and having fun in the playthrough, Not getting angry when my colony was nearly wiped out, That was the story of my colony. I started to enjoy myself and got addicted.
Aids
a really good reboot on the zombie genre that is not so demanding on your hardware aka its laptop freindly.so far my experiance has been fast loading in to servers with next to no lagg and loving every new update that is coming and expanding on the game little by little.well worth the time picking this game up playing to chill out crafting or stress out over some intence zombie hoard moments XD
GOOD game :)
♥♥♥♥♥ cash son
This game is tonnes of fun, better when with friends but it is playable by yourself.If you can get a few friends for PVP or Story it is very good.
Its a game. Its free. 10/10
csgo is the dankest game im really aids at it but has quality banter and the skins are op (not sponsored)
In a nutshell: I really enjoyed this game."Shantae and the Pirate\'s Curse" made me feel like I was back playing my old SNES. For a game made in 2014, it does an excellent job of capturing that classic old platformer feel and gameplay. But the appeal of this game doesn\'t end with the nostalgia factor. There\'s some really good humor in this game which makes for a really enjoyable play experience and the puzzles can get a bit tricky; not so much that they become a nuisance, but just enough to make you clever when you figure them out.The characters were great and had a surprising amount of depth for a game that shows so much cleavage (pun not intended). There\'s a lot of character development in this game and, especially by the end, I found myself caring more then I would have expected about what happened to them and their relationships with one another. For me, this was one of the game\'s most endearing qualities.On the negative side, this game does have it\'s imperfections, too. I mentioned earlier how this was a very loyal SNES-era style platformer and it is, in both the good ways and the bad. Playing Shantae and the Pirate\'s Curse reminded me why I would sometimes get so frustrated as a kid that I\'d throw my controller at the wall. Things like timed jumps and frustratingly narrow gaps between spike filled walls, when not used properly, can easily become a nuisance which detracts from the enjoyability of a game. Shantae and the Pirate\'s Curse unfortunately succumbs to this pitfall. Long sequences that relied upon me timing numerous jumps perfectly - under threat of being sent back to the beginning over and over and over until I got it right- were aggrivating and the game would\'ve been much better if they had been made so that you only took damage when you made a mistake, instead of being sent back to the beginning. The final journey to the big-boss was the most notorious culprit here, but there were other areas that suffered from the same problem. Forcing a player to replay long sequences over and over and over is annoyingly repetative and makes for a poor impression of the game as a whole.Also, while I was able to get my Logitech Precision gamepad to work with this game, it required me to do some serious tweaking with some 3rd party software to get it to work and I was a little disappointed that Shantae and the Pirates Curse didn\'t include native support for it. "Shantae and the Pirate\'s Curse" is the kind of game that is really meant to be played with a controller (I briefly tried to play it via keyboard and I found it really awkward and hard on the fingers), so it\'s a shame there wasn\'t more effort put in to insuring that the game was more compatible with controllers.But I won\'t let these minor frustrations ruin what was overall a really fun game! This game was well worth the money I paid for it and I will be eagerly awaiting it\'s sequel!
If you like shooting things, this game will let you do that. A lot. I really enjoy playing Payday 2 - my main gripe with it is how much the DLC costs.
Help!!! For some reason I can't connect to servers as it says that I am currently in a game. I have tried rebooting my system, checking the game cache and reinstalling it and nothing works. Help!!!
IT VERY GOOD
หมาป่ายอดนาบอำเภอผู้แสนดี
Super fun and addictive game
"Hi. My name\'s Ellis, but you can call me Ellis."I did it for the badge.
this game is alot of fun and the parkour is awsome
bullfkin s**t, i have to pay MORE MONEY FOR UPDATES?
This game cured my diabeetus
Funniest game I've ever played.
Great, gory fun for everyone mature enough to see it!
You want a scary game?Well this game sets the bar for horror games, you never know whats going to be around the corner it could a safe haven a another dark corrider or even a monster.But seriously if you want a good scare get this game you will NOT be disappointed.Have fun!
BR:Call to Arms um jogo da Era Moderna, feito com a "Engine de Men of War", com alguns veículos, poís nem todos estão liberados, no multiplayer não à veículo por enquanto (Poís está em "Alpha"), mas para quem já jogou as duas primeiras missões da campanha, ja viu apenas 1 tanque e alguns veículos leves (Apenas para Deluxe "Até a Beta"), claro que não pode faltar a realidade nesse jogo, que eu acho sensacional, a fisíca também é otima (Digamos nem tanto), poís a "AI" consegue "Capotar" ou "Tombar" um tanque com apenas uma batida no muro ou seja apenas isso deve ser corrigido.EN:Call to Arms a modern game made with the Engine of Men of War, with some vehicles, as not all are released, in multiplayer no vehicle for now (As are in Alpha), but for anyone who played the first two missions of the campaign, I saw only 1 tank and some light vehicles (only for Deluxe to the Beta) of course you can\'t miss the reality this game, which I think is sensational, too is great physical (or both), as the AI can Overturn or topple over a tank with only a hit in the wall that is just that should be corrected.Dia da Análise/Day of Analysis: BR: 02/08/2015 | EN: 08/02/2015
"Too Many Animatronics, 7.8/10" - IGN
prior to play time i was expecting this to be scarier but in my 1.2 hours playing i was pretty disapointed there isnt anything scary about this game in the slightest ;p its 13 bucks down the hole -.- oh well, the unreal engine 4 this game runs on is pretty bad overall id rate this game a 2.5/5 it needs work there is potential
Literally a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ copy of Clicker Heroes. Same save file name, 99% same gui content, just different textures.
Killing Floor is a fun game. It's a game where you can shoot ♥♥♥♥ (zombies) and they die. Killing Floor is especially fun with friends, as they provide company and support in a post apocalyptic environment. There are also 7 perks to choose from, each with their own strengths and weaknesses, along with varied gameplay and tactics. The maps and textures in this game are dated, but doesn't ruin the overall experience.
Awesome game with LOTS of content.
Best game reminds me of runescape would def play it for my life
Here is my reveiw of this game Now i have about 17 or so hours on this game i look forward to more but my only issues are the lagged zombie hits and some silly deaths with walls but thats all Many pros The weapon spawns have been changed to make them more common the spawns are alright but the map needs to be smaller like what they did with DayZ the map still feels huge but its not as big Cause i played 2 hours DayZ mod i would just make it to Stary Sobor But now with the stand alone i can go to Stary Sobor Balota And the NWAF in about 2/3 hoursMore things i think need to be done is just minor bugs i would reccomend buying this game if your into RTS and FPS with P2W physicals but ammo needs to be findable other than that i rate the game a 8/10 for it has to get better no matter what i  would pay to play this game its quite a fun game to play and its very well worth the money of $5
Its a good game
Has Text to Speech
Jogo com campanhas perfeitas tanto para o coop e para o single.Um multiplayer versus animal onde tudo acontece em questão de segundos ^^Jogo simplesmente sem palavras =P
yesh
Great game to play with friends.
SPOOKED MY GUTS OUT HOLLY ♥♥♥♥ WAY TO SPOOKY PLEASE CHANGE RATING TO R18
swaggity
Epic and crazily addictive!Intense game modes but also fun with friends!Excellent weapon skins, stickers and items with exquiste design!A must-get for action lovers!
Most terrible game I've ever played. The newbies get smashed and never get a chance while they watch their team lose. Why make a game with potential so crap!
เล่นตั้งนานพึ่งรู้ว่าระเบิดใช้ระเบิดเหมืองได้ด้วย 5555
.
this game is flat out awsome need i say more
Game repeatedly frustrates me and evokes controller throwing rage but I somehow feel it's my fault... I think they call it Stockholm Syndrome. 10/10.
Great game, worth owning. Has many good mods. The native game is very playable and has a strong community for multiplay battles. Realtime map, cities and strategy would be awesome with this style of gameplay
KILLED MY WALLET , 5 STARS
Icredibly fun and fast paced action with amazing Gameplay wrapped in promising yet unfinished buggy RPG grinding.
"Payday 2 puts you and three friends in the role of a criminal gang who steal, destroy, kill, make drugs, steal some more and make lots of money doing so. Some missions are for the sneaky, some for the control freaks and yet more for the just plain blood thirsty. The missions are short yet engaging, the atmosphere fun rather than immersive, and the rewards simple: More money, more guns and more masks. Yes, masks are a thing. You would have thought they were just there to hide your face wouldn\'t you? And you would be wrong.... but don\'t think about it for now.Now it should be pointed out that you can solo this game, but the AI is pretty bad in loud missions and the game really rewards playing with friends especially on the higher difficulty levels. But probably the best thing about this game is the community and the development team for the game. There are constant updates and new heists, new weapons, new skills and even new faces. Some of these will cost you, and some are free, but in the end for the sheer amount of time I have spent in this game, and the fun I have had, this game and all its DLC have been superb value for money." - Gopher (YouTuber/LiveStreamer)Sums it up well :)
Awesome and fast paced game. Definitely recommended for FPS Lovers!
fun
the best game that i ever played
if you buy this game on steam prepare to be shocked when theres no way what so ever to recover the dlc's i have tried everything on the net but nothing works and windows online is a joke bethesda will nto even fix this they have destroyed the game for good now
♥♥♥♥ this game.
it is awesome
One of the best fps games ive ever played!!
Absolutely amazing and flexible in every way, but I'd prefer not having to buy around 5 more games that are required for textures and models. That's my only problem. :L
nice game
Ever finished a game and thought to yourself what the actual ♥♥♥♥ just happened, but still liked that feeling. Then this is the game for you I've had acid trips less freaky than this
This reeks! Of Awesomeness! 
The Person That Made This Game Was Michael Bay As A 10 Year Old = EXPLOSIONS!
This game will ruin your social life, but will leave you very satisfied afterwards
Possibly the best car game I've ever played, even the sneak peak wich you get with it I believe is also really nice, better then BeamNG drive I have to say. Definatley makes it into my top 5 games and I am going to recommend this more then I will ever recommend full games.
Really fun game highly addictive new to it but I'm interested in Wasteland really cool realistic Arma 3 and how the game feels and its all whats around you and its just amazing.
this game is really fun and its good for poeple who like comedy fps games i think lods of poeple should have it
EAT AAAALLLLLL THE ROKETS! *miniacle laughter*
Prepare for:ComplainersSnipersGarbage accuracy Optional skins and camo And players judging you by your rank10/10
Convinced me to slaughter my family just like i did with the dinosaur population10/10
great game very fun
Hack at a dead rabbit with a pickaxe to get raw chicken and cloth. The best part is that there's both PVP and PVE servers each with their own mods and communities. If you don't like spawning and dieing a lot and want to play the game normally, find a good PVE server with damage off and no raiding. Otherwise, go nuts on a pvp server and show everyone your doodle. Fun for the whole family!
A very good game overall can be frustrating at some times but thats probably what made it fun a challenge
:csdsmile:
It's cool
I feel cheated, and I'm sure you fine folks at Valve are completely aware of the reasons why. Shawn Murray and Hello Games should be shamed like the snake oil merchants they are.
Hats
A truly amazing game, both in terms of gameplay and graphics. A modern take on the classic Rayman gameplay, and still as funny as ever. You can choose from a wide variety of characters (only 4 when first starting) and play through platforming levels, from classic Rayman lum collecting-helicopter hair flying sidescrolling to other twists, such as controlling a mosquito that can suck in enemies and shoot them back out as you attempt to reach the end of the level, all to save those sexy fairy-nymph things. This is definitely one of the best platformers and also one of the best local multiplayer games Steam has to offer, and I highly recommend it. 9.5/10
this is love this is life
i tried sticky jumping with 8 bombs and i died 10/10
Can some one help me my lights in the first house are not working a flower and flower pot are brighter a light and do i have to turn the power on in or outside the house
Seriously, This is the best MOTHER ♥♥♥♥ING GAME ever...
Suits: A Business RPG is a new RPGMaker RPG designed by Technomancy Studios. That's the standard stuff out of the way, so let's get into the weird.  Suits starts you off as The Guy, another businessman in line to join the ranks in a world run entirely by corporations, built as corporations. The satire of consumerism and greed is done well, and helps to add to the game's very offbeat sense of humor. The jokes range from the clocks always set to 4:20 as it's simplest, to ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on a dinosaur's floor at its strangest. This, along wth the setting and atmosphere is what I think makes Suits such a fun game; it's absurd while still being relevant to modern times. The Payday 2 microtransactions joke is a good example, and is done well. The story itself is rather straightforward; notes are placed around to provide back story and clues and the ending sums up the purpose of the world itself and your actions nicely. Oh, and the art and music. Some people were put off by the crude sketch design and music; personally I found them both surrelastic, funny and disturbing enough that they made a perfect fit for the plot. To sum it up, Suits is a straightforward PRG mechanically; there are some special abilities like a instant kill that only works 1% of the time, and being able to pay your enemies to lose. There's not much that changes the gameplay itself from other RPG's; instead the focus is on the creative art of the game. Whether you'll like this or not will depend on what you're looking for in an RPG game, but for it's price it's got a decent story length to it and potential for follow up. Also: dinosaur dinosaur diunosaur dinosaur dinosaur
It is a great team and free for all game, but be careful you can hurt team mates.
A great game to play while u listen to your music u tend to be always wanting to beat a score of someones or a friends if u got the money to get it do it
This game is Brotastic!  It's fourth of july everyday when you're playing expendabros!  AMERICA ♥♥♥♥ YEAH!
Great fun game
One of the Best Games i've ever played in a long time.Audio - 10/10Graphics - 10/10Gameplay - 10/10Its a perfect game! Buy it when you can! :D
Community is mostly ♥♥♥♥ (like 80% ♥♥♥♥) but the game is alright 10/10 IGN would play again....if i dont get annhialted by trash talk.   ;(
Fun as ♥♥♥♥
OUT OF ALL CALL OF DUTYS,STILL IN 2015 THIS IS THE BEST ONE BY FAR!!!!!!!!!!!! MUST GET IT
i only played the demo and it was ♥♥♥♥..i think the real thing could be better
An excellent game and well worth the money, especially on sale. The developers are constantly updating the game for free for players which is a nice step back from the constant spam of DLC from other developers.
this game is freken awesome so awesome the game is called Awesomenauts!!
This game is just... It's probably one of the best games I have ever played. It's extremely well written. I got attached to the characters very quickly (all though, that might just be me) and it just... I don't know how to describe it. Just go play it, it's worth the 10ish hours it takes to complete the story fully.
This is an  awesome gameeveryone should get it not just for the epic world but also for the complex gaming experience that is granted by playing this game
Froze my enemies with my mothers bra.10/10 would freeze again
I ♥♥♥♥♥♥ on farm animals and smoked dognip til I got ran over by a car.Poop/11
This is definately one of my favourite games at the moment. It is a game that requires a ton of patience though, so if you are used to Call Of Duty, then this game is probably not for you.
nao.pq serio,eu odeio esse sistema de morrer lentamente se vc for mordido por uma fracao de segundo.e tbm o time me ve falando:"Ei,gente,eu preciso de medkit urgente" e eles tipo,"ah,deixa ele morrer ele n ajudou nada ate agora"e esse aspecto me irrita muito.com excessao do arsenal q inclui ate arco e flecha na escolha de armas.Mas os mapas sao legais,o estilo de jogo é legal,e o proprio design das armas e dos zumbis me agrada muito pro meu gosto pelo menos,mas eu n recomendo por que  o Time de P.O.R.R.A N AJUDA NE*Engineer chega correndo* Nope. 6/10
This game is as deadly as a flying goat that can eat bananas without chewing whilst riding on a unicorn(it's really good)
A solid game, Could do with some more dragons I guess...9/10
Best game iv ever played, so much things to do in one game
Is the best game flash of ALL
Get this guys its fun
This is a really good game and all, but just not as good as ride to hell: retribution.
This game is amazing. If you like fast paced games like I do then this Is for you. THis one is also for you speed runners as there is an option for speed running this game in the menu, I mean how many games have that, not many that I know of. This game is well worth your time i mean i've clocked so many hours on this game. Its ridiculous. Anyway great game would play again and again and again (goes on forever).
from the zero punctuation review"There have been many RPGs that let you define your character\'s personality to a certain extent. Say you\'re given a quest to get a schoolgirl\'s cat down from a tree. On average, you\'ll be given three options: neutral, where you get the cat down and accept the schoolgirl\'s allowance as payment; good, where you waive the fee and fondly tousle the schoolgirl\'s hair as she scampers off; and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, where you set fire to the tree and jump up and down on the schoolgirl\'s face.And speaking as an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, this offends me. There are so many wonderful ways to be a complete ponce that these games rarely cater for. Why can\'t I rescue the cat but hold it to ransom for her dad\'s porn collection? Or get the cat down by throwing rocks at it so it breaks all its legs on the concrete and then still expect to be paid, with the infuriatingly infallible logic of a complete tosser? Why can\'t there be an RPG that covers the entire ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ spectrum? Well, good news, ponce fans: now there is!Alpha Protocol follows Mike Thorton, a member of a covert U.S. government agency with strong ties to a private military company that might as well rename itself Kitten Stranglers PLC. He gets betrayed, goes rogue, has to work alone to build a case against them, blahdee blahdee blah. But what\'s important is that however you play him Mike Thorton is the is the ponciest ponce that ever ponced past a poncing parlour.The dialogue system lets you switch between three attitudes: a professional, by the book sort of ponce who wouldn\'t emote if the angel Gabriel blow off in his face; an aggressive ponce who sounds like he\'s five seconds away from snarlingly flipping the global crisis onto its front and pounding away at its netherhole with a Franchi SPAS-12; and the suave ponce, who might as well just save time and mace himself every time he opens his ♥♥♥♥ing mouth. Best of all, even if he only ever talked about his favorite breakfast cereal, he\'d still sound like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥, because the voice actor delivers every line in the level, smug tones of a highbrow film critic archly dismissing the latest superhero blockbuster as he spoons himself another helping of baby seal.Let\'s get the good over with quickly. For once, this is a game that claims that "every action has consequences" and actually means a consequence more significant than a character maybe wearing a different hat. For example, although the hub-based mission system lets you do the operations in any order, during the one I chose to do last an informant mentioned the previous operations I\'d completed in conversation. "♥♥♥♥," I said, "this game\'s just showing off now." So I immediately became an aggressive ponce and slammed his head into a desk. After which, there was more security in my next mission because the informant went crying to his big brother or something.The RPG action stuff reminded me of Deus Ex - in a good way. It\'s nice to see a game where your character has to work on their gun skills and can\'t expect to draw their pistol and immediately hit the on button on a tumble dryer from nine hundred years. And I was also impressed by the lockpicking and hacking minigames, which nicely balance skill and incremental difficulty, and I can\'t think of a joke for that sentence, so here\'s a picture of a dog in a hat.The thing about Deus Ex, though, was that you could arguably specialize completely in combat or stealth or hacking or playing the cello and still beat the game. Even the final encounter had equal parts monsters, security systems, and incomplete string quartets to allow any approach. Alpha Protocol, on the other hand, is happy to let you sink all your points into learning to waltz only to find yourself stuck in an unavoidable freestyle disco competition. I was a stealth/close combat specialist, and there was this particularly obnoxious boss fight that I couldn\'t sneak out of and whose CQC attacks wrecked my ♥♥♥♥. I had to inexpertly spray at him with an assault rifle I knew as much about as I did a ♥♥♥♥ing nuclear reactor, then whenever he got his knives out let him chase me around the room like Benny ♥♥♥♥ing Hill!The skills you can upgrade are stealth, hand-to-hand combat, and then four kinds of guns, which I feel makes little sense. Why the ♥♥♥♥ would anyone specialise in shotguns when a shotgun is a situational weapon? What are you gonna do if there\'s an enemy more than ten feet away, throw your shoes at him?The dialogue system gives you about one second to pick a conversational attitude that is summed up in one word, and it\'s often hard to decipher. You might be talking to a sexy lady, for e.g., when suddenly an option comes up reading, say, "Trousers." And there\'s no way of knowing if this means the poncemaster general will change the conversation to the subject of trousers or draw attention to a specific pair of trousers sneaking up behind them or whatever. So you select it out of panic, whereupon El Ponco promptly pulls his trousers down and slaps his bum while mooing like a lost calf, spoiling your reputation with the character somewhat.Dialogue seems a bit buggy at times, too, which I guess is inevitable with conversation trees as labyrinthine as this. There was a moment when I was gabbing away with another sexy lady when the option came up to initiate a quick knobbing, which went down reasonably well. Then afterwards she started repeating dialogue lines she\'d been spouting beforehand. "Wow," I thought, "I literally ♥♥♥♥ed her brain out!"There are a couple of other bugs here and there, like how the distinction between a wall you can take cover on and the ones with ponce-repellent wallpaper is known only to Mr. Thorton. But none of them got in the way too much, because after a while my stealth skill was so high I could literally turn invisible and run around insta-killing every possible threat with my bare hands. And nothing could pose a challenge after that, short of the invention of some kind of ponce-seeking missile.All in all, Alpha Protocol is weak and poorly balanced, like a three-legged dog with an eating disorder. But I want to come back to the story for a bit. You know that extremely brief summary I gave about five paragraphs ago? That\'s literally the extent of the plot I understood. The rest was an incomprehensible miasma of factions, motivations, and betrayals, through which I was just dumbly acting with zero understanding. Towards the end, a line of dialogue got drowned out just before a boss encounter, and I honestly didn\'t know if I was supposed to be killing or protecting the guy. Maybe this would be helped through repeat playthroughs; oh, Sega, you crafty ♥♥♥♥♥es!"
Best ♥♥♥♥ ever
oh my god, great ♥♥♥♥
You really really have to fix the server and game file issue, because its extremely unfair to hand out 7 day bans to people that haven't done anything... Please Please Valve fix this issue.
Crazy wacky DLCs and quite good game-play
the uninstall button work great best thing in the game 0.1/10
gg
7,546 In-GameNotice anything Freejam?
still a better love story than twillight. rated e for effort. 8/8 would play again - NGI
One of the hardest parts of this game is trying to stop playing, engaging, evocative and scored musically beautifully. Surprisingly high immersion into an environment and game world animated in such a way. Deep with historical intricacies, great voice acting and the most helpful dog in a game, ever!
Gone Sexual 2015 kissing pranks. This game is like Rust but has things like cars and bikes that you can get/build, also the art style is quite similar to TF2 but not as exaggerated. Overall your goal is to survive so Just DO IT!!! it's pretty fun :)
Warframe is love Warframe is lyfe. One at a tyme it takes our lyves
an amazing fun game !!
(Plan to update)Have you ever dreamed of being made of meat, running and jumping to avoid being squished, splattered and sawed into pieces while attempting to save the love of your life who happens to be made of bandages? Me neither. Super Meat Boy is a great game though.
GET THIS GAME UNLESS YOU ARE A POOFTER
Its an awesome game to play with friends and lots of fun to had from ripping your friends heads of to chooping them in half and other really fun game modes SUPER FUN!!! Everyone get it
its good
Perfect game for Tolkien fans, with revolutionary graphics and gameplay for it's time. In many ways Oblivion is superior to Skyrim and most RPG's out there, it has Sean Bean from Lord of the Rings and Game of Thrones, doing a voiceover. It really is a standout
Dragons are ♥♥♥♥♥10/10
Really flippin' excellent :D
Got a 390, overclocked 4690k. Running at around 60fps with massive dips of 20 or below. Planet textures look like A**. Wouldn't recommend at it's current state.
plz optimize game treyarch you dumb fksotherwise good game =))))))))))))))))
Absolutely worth it. It will scare the hell outta you, confuse you, invoke your curious side and then scare the living daylights out of you again. And once more, it has a great dev support that continues to update the game.
loved the first game. love the second game. and please god be there a third!
I highly reccomend this to anyone who wants to have a good ol\' fantasy adventure, mods allow the player to customize their game to what they want.And remember the saying: "mod it till it doesn\'t run!"
great
Game is very fun and very enjoyable :)
i7-6700HQGTX 107016 GB RAMScore:0I dont understand, this computer even had a VR ready sticker   :(
Great game
Is one of my favorite FPS of all time.
just bought css yesterday-spam ak at ppl (or any gun) from long range +1 kill.-Good for low end PC's-Better Then csgo (in my opinion)-killed +100 ppl in deathmatch-Illuminati game-Ez awp-Everything Is Best11/10 Best Game
This game has more bugs than my ♥♥♥♥
CSGO is a game where you can enjoy and learn russian at the same time9/11 would ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥
Good fun. A simplified dwarf fortress
Great Way to Kill some time. Worth It
Good story and great fun if you have any nerdish leanings.Kind of want computer that can magic hack banks
Robocraft is one of the new games on steam that seems to catch everyones eye. And in \'my\' eyes, they succeded in making it extraordinary. The style of the game is not overdone, and not too Cliché as well. They have hit the bullseye in making a different game entirely!Many people look at the cover of the book and toss it away, saying "it\'s a copy of minecraft" or "the graphics are bad", but when you give it a shot it really proves the cover responce wrong.On my first experience playing the game I\'ve noticed newcomers for the game will feel a little overwelmed at first. But until you get the hang of the game, it gets very enjoyable. Especially with a friend playing along side with you.the only negitave thing I myself can say about Robocraft is how new players in tier 1 can be put up aganst players who pay to get tier 4 weapons. Which i think is quite unfair. THe only thing I can point out to improve on is how they matchmake the players, the ranking strategy does not seem to work.Other than that I would give this game an overall score of 7.5 out of 10. Great game Freejam!
gud.
10/10 would play again
This game looks more like minecraft when I first played it, but its an awesome game
The best Co-op game i have ever played. Its near impossible to play without at least one other friend, but with a group of people it is one of the funnest and most strategic games out there.
Só para você saber 90% das negativas, são por causa de mods10000/10
Apart from the buggy stealth mechanics, this game is amazing. Gameplay at all difficulties requires a degree of complexity that the player(s) can dictate. From methodical, technical sneaking to brute force guns-blazing this game caters to all.
TF2 is a extreamly fun multiplayer shooter which i recomend for people everywere!With 9 unique classes i score this a...9 out of 10
Good game.
Lot of fun, good physics and huge vareity of board games. Plus mod support and a good community, makes it an excellent game. would definetly reccomend.
8/10 ครับแต่ผมคิดว่า DLC บางตัวไม่ต้องขายก็ได้มั้งครับ :D เป็นเกม วางแผนที่ดีครับผมชอบมากด้วย จะดีกว่านี้ถ้าในการลงไปรบมีของประกอบฉากมากกว่านี้มันดูโล่งๆไม่มีอะไรเลยแล้วก็การเล่นหลายคนใน Avatar เนียกมันจะดูห่างกันเกินไปมาก ถ้า Shogun เจอกับ Fall ผมว่าควรปรับอะไรให้มันเท่าเทียมกันหน่อยก็ดี โดยรวมแล้วดีซื้อมาก็เล่นคุ้มครับ
DOESNT WORK !!!! Cant Sync for no appernt reason
Despite the ranked matchmaking being a bit unfair at times it is a pretty entertaining game despite its simplicity. Already sunk 100+ hours into it!
This game isnt worth five bucks let alone 10 or 20, save your wallet and give it a miss!
Although this game is only in beta or whatever, It is amazing! It has so much content for a game of it's price. It's got modding supoort and there are heaps of mods out there for it that only improve the game futher. The only drawbacks of this game to date are the servers. Some of them can be quite laggy nomatter how close you are to them, but it's getting better. The lag does not make it hard to however.All in all I would definatly reccomend this game. 9/10
It is very good
great game,killed monsters for no reason got more stuff to help me kill monsters did that again went to another place to kill more monsters and eventually got more people to kill monsters with 10/10
I have never been much of a person for platformers, but this game, this game is personaly my favourite game even though i mostly play fps and mobasThanks you too noogy (the guy who made it)
good game
If you want to live in a hentai medieval world then this game with mods is perfect
Definitely one of the best free to play games out there, TF2 is a game that's great to play with friends and provides hours of fun with all sorts of different game modes and maps.
Such a great game, the campaign is enjoyable, emotionally moving, and can be funny. Definitly a game worth buying.
holy ♥♥♥♥ it is so scary..... i ♥♥♥♥ my self, ate the ♥♥♥♥ threw it up, ate it and then ♥♥♥♥ it out again.
BoooOooOOOOOOOooooBs
An open-world RPG/FPS on steroids.Throw what you knew about role-playing shooters out the window, this is a whole different level.The world is BIG. There is no fast travel. You walk EVERYWHERE.The weapons WILL jam and deteriorate, and different weapons need the correct ammunition (e.g. 9x18mm, 9x19mm, .45 cal and 9x39mm in pistols alone). Then there are different types of ammunition (e.g. Full Metal Jacket, Shotgun Slugs, Shotgun Buckshot, 5.56mm Armour Piercing, Tracer rounds and so on).Your armour will also eventually deteriorate depending on how much you get shot at, and you can't take it to a vendor and repair it. You throw it away and buy a new one.Basically, if you're used to games such as Oblivion, Skyrim, or Bioshock, this is nothing like them. This, is everything taken to the limit and not recommended for casual gamers.
this game gave me cancer, cured the cancer, then kicked me in the balls, would not recommend. 3/10
10/10 Would pootis again
i got caught by the firefighters cause i put fire on the bedbest jerking simulatorgoty versionadd virtual reality mode plz
i give it a crash/10
one of the best RPG's i have played in a long time
I JUST BOUGHT THIS AND NOTHING CHANGES IN GAME I DIDNT GET THE A6M5 THE XP 38 G NOTHING I WANT TO CONTACT VALVE FOR MY MONEY BACK IT SAYS I HAVE IT BUT IN GAME I DONT
Bip Bop
到目前为止唯一可以称作是神作的游戏，无论是从画面，游戏性，还有情节都无可挑剔。感谢游戏制作人员真正用心做出这款游戏!!
I cried myself to sleep after the ending
mmm
im pretty sure i just got ♥♥♥♥♥but i kinda liked it
Ok since the update on the 8/7/16 (Australia). They litterallly took a turd and made tf2 that. This update has destroyed what tf2 was meant to be. A light hearted fun shooter, now its an toxic as can be and there's no room for fun anymore.Bottom line is:GO PLAY OVERWATCH!
I ate a raw Chicken and died
UMM Just Download it!!!!
This game appeared randomly in my Steam libraryNever before have I wanted to kill myself because of a game9/10 its an good
Nice and fast game!
Well, this game is the best i ever played but when i was downloading this game (again) i was like in 30%, but i connected today and it was 0% well if valve can fix this things i will be more happy and i will play more this game.
Well, this game is the best i ever played but when i was downloading this game (again) i was like in 30%, but i connected today and it was 0% well if valve can fix this things i will be more happy and i will play more this game.
is gud
This game is really awesome, it brings what a videogame needs Intesity,challenge and etertainment. I really recommend this game to gamers who enjoy coming together with their friends and having adventures with them especially with all the different characters you can get!! Awesome Game
amazing game, highly recommend this game
Amazing game, I know I lack play time but from what I have played so far, it is amazing what you can do in it, from picking up fallen team mates and carrying them to a town, to being able to construct your own. Looking forward to future updates.
Awesome and loads of fun, wished the game went on a little longer though. Love the guns and mods, love the creature designs and the challenges/side quests don't feel like an extra chore like most games.
Dear Esther is not a game by any means, other than using the 'wasd' keys to move, and the mouse to look, it has no other similarities.It is however a new kind of book, allowing you to take your time looking around the island while the exquisite narration unfolds a story hinted to by the scenery.As with all my books, I'm taking my time, and haven't yet made it to the end. If this sounds interesting to you, I'd recommend taking your time with it.One technical addition, as you're not running around with 30 other users blowing things up, the pull on your resources isn't as much, so assuming your system can handle it, you can crank everything up to max and enjoy the scenery even more.
yes get it now
I tried. I tried liking this game. I really did. I knew it was CoD or Battlefield, I knew it worked differently. But when that differnece seems to change match to match, I just can't. How someone can, for a distance with a automatic weapon, get me in the head and instanly kill me, yet when I have a shotgun, point blank at an AFKs head, and still not kill them, it's just not fun.And the comunity, my god, the only worse one I've found is Leauge of Legends, and only becuase they were just spiteful of me never having played before rather then helped or even orded me around. In this game... It's just, Alah Ackbar shouted through the mics by people who sound like they aren't old enough legitimently have steam accounts. I've had one game where the people were nice, and the game was fun, and even though I had pretty much the same K/D ratio, I was still a help yo the team and they helpped back.I don't know what the competitive side of this game is like, and I was going to maybe give the mode a go, when I learnt how to play a bit more. But I haven't been able to learn, the experience is so Inconsistent, I just have no idea how anything works.The weapons I get killed by the most, the AWP and AK47, two guns that just don't work like they should, and I can't figure out what other are doing.At the end of every match, you can type things to the other team, but all I've seen is insults and agression.And that's not fun. I can see people who are top notch proffesionals sometimes not having fun while playing bacause it can sometimes be a job to them, but when it seems you need to put job like hours into a game on a casual scale to start enjoying it, it's just... an unsatifing experience.250+ matches, and I've leveled up once. The grind and Climb shouldn't be that steep so soon.Imma give it one more go, maybe in a week or two, I'm burnt out of it for now. One last go to have fun, or it's gonna stop taking up space on my computer. 
FEZ has got to be one of the greatest platform games i've ever played and i due to it's great design. If there was a rating out if 5 I would give it 6!
Start gameJoined an official serverGather resourcesCollected 6,000 wood and stoneTook 30 minutes to collectBegin buildingServer times outRejoinedKilled by a wolf10/10 would play again
this is a gorgeous game which is known for its combat and the complexity of the gamepls get this
This game is so freaking fun!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I recommend it to people who like fps games or sandbox games
Abosultly amazing game and well worth the money for all the DLC's and I recomend it to people who need a change to the old school tower defense plus its multiplayer so if you want to kill stuff with a mate you can :DGreat looking game, story line is easy to follow and just a brilliant game overall. 10/10
good
I Aprove This Game 7.5/10
this game is awesome! no doubt about it. i like it for these reasons.-they fixed ALOT of the problems in vanilla isaac/wrath of the lamb such as Spoonbender being a piece of crap.. which it is now useable and overpowered as fk if used with the right items/powerups.-they upgraded the graphics of the game while somehow making the game run smoother on older machines. -the music is deff a step up from the original game.-BIGGER ROOMS!-more enemies!overall, a worthy remake of the original game and well worth the money to get it.
great game recomend to alot of friends
Thoroughly enjoyed it on the xbox still enjoy it now to this day on pc
Darkest Dungeon is a fantastically challenging dark Gothic game.you will lose many of your best warriors to their the monsters or their own insanity.however this only makes victory all the more worth it.
so good !!
sik game
Game was ditched by developer. sad.
3 words: JUST GET IT
Great DLC. The heist is very fun.
THX GABEN I WASTED ALL MY MONEY ON CASESAND WHAT I GOT IS ♥♥♥♥
Spent a hour and twenty minutes, suffering, just for a hat. This is a horrible abomination of what some call "entertainment".I assure you, this is not entertainment.This is something Jigsaw would put in a death trap.I would not want my worst enemy to play this.Playing this, I wonder if it was deveolped as a tourture device.Graphics are worst than PS1.Would rather get cancer than play again.10/10 better than Spiral Knights.
Don't even own the game but it still lets me write a review...10/10
FIRST OF ALL WE NEED TO BE ABLE TO TALK SO THE WHOLE GAME CAN HEAR US. SECOND OFF ALL THEY ALL ♥♥♥♥ING SHOOT ON SIGHT
10/10 Would pay to open a box of nothing again
too many words to describe gmod its ♥♥♥♥ing amazing
This game is too good
Funny Fun Builed anything and still Drive it guns and now a healing gun Omggggg :P
...
great game especially for the price (free) and you will almost never be stuck on finding games. But the only question I have is what the rating for it is because at my school I cant have some games.
AWESOME GAME!!! I love every aspect of this game and think that gun skins are a brilliant idea!
Pretty good game. I like it. You would think driving a car around is pretty boring (why not just do it in real life?) but the quests and surprising difficulties of driving a 15 metre long truck make it quite engaging.Some suggestions:I was surprised to find no indicator option, and I think the ideal thing would be to have right and left click for right and left indicator.Also windscreen wipers.Please tell me if these controls are available in the game.
10000000000000000000000000000000/10 BEST GAEM EVAH THNX GAIJIN
really good game
This game is fun but dont buy it if your com specs are ♥♥♥♥ and graphic cards are ♥♥♥♥ or else you will just die of falling down your ptera bcause u lagged out XD
If this was stars it would be a 4 because there is no difficulty option (Its so hard but SO FUN once your good)
Dead Island is Fallout 3 with zombies. Plenty of people are going to compare it to Dead Rising (as you can create weapons), but when I finally got past the game\'s obtuse opening and less than stellar cutscenes, I found a world rife with quests, interesting environments, and a character progression system that had me begging for more hours in the day. Is Dead Island perfect? No. Far from it. As much as I lauded it, Dead Island is rough around the edges and that\'s sure to turn a lot of people off. First-person melee combat doesn\'t feel natural right away -- although aiming with the mouse is far superior to the console control schemes. The same can be said for the PC version\'s graphics, which are way sharper than the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360\'s. That said, textures tend to flicker from time to time, I\'d describe every cutscene as "stiff," and the visual flaws like hands going through doors and weird mini-game meters made me laugh. Still, A Eneering Lackluster Performer
Epic. This is a must get F2P game!
russkiyes every where ' suka suka suka'
Epic story, map layout, textures, veichle missions, characters (list goes on and on). In other words: awsomness
Gostei muito apesar de o jogo ser de graça, ele tem graficos bons e a jogabilidade e mt boa. A unica coisa ruim e que n tem muita gente jogando esse game entao fica dificil pra vc encontrar partidas, mas é muito bom pra vc jogar com seus amigos.
MAD GAME, REALLY ADDICTIVE, JACK IS ♥♥♥♥
어느한 기자의 Nightmare
pretty fun and stuff...
- New Weapons- New Deployable Equipment- 2 New Heists- New Skilltree- 2 New Player Upgrades- Hosting Ability- 6 New Steam Achievementsworth it
I got this for free and that price is about right. It's not really a very fun game. It's a laborious slow side-scrolling shooter with awkward keyboard controls. The gamepad may make the game easier to control but it won't make it more fun.
10/10 Best FPS Shooter I've ever seen
1 Minute of game play was enough to write a review.... AWESOME. Just buy it and enjoy Cut scenes are FUnnY as F#$% And its just a great touch typing tutor! House of the dead.... Cross typing tutor???? You wouldn't think it was fun but it is.
Swoooooot
I like the part where you jump.
Entertaining, good story, awesome setting and pretty to look at
srank tons of glue it was fun 10/10
♥♥♥♥ing phlog
Not a bad game. I had quite a lot of fun with this one. I have never played any of the other Max Paynes (but that is likely to change after beating this awesome game) so I don't know how it compares to the other ones. I really think the bullet time and slow motion sequences are extremely unique and fun. Even though it's a great game, it still has its flaws. The first thing I have to say is; when you first open the game, you have to sign into the Social Club and all this other annoying rubbish. I already had a SC account but it wouldn't work on the game for some reason so I had to go through the trouble of making another account and linking it with the game etc. So in other words...IT'S A REEEEAL PAIN! The game is a bit choppy and has a quite a few glitches which occur here and there. A lot of the times, I found myself having to restart the game because of these glitches. It also tends to freeze sometimes during the cutscenes which really annoys me. In conclusion, it's a great, action packed game with loads of fun and I definitely recommend it. I give it an 8.5/10.
One line to sum up this game. "Happy is the man who can hit his balls"
gr8 m8
XD
Its a nice game to play with your friends work together as a team to achieve your goal this is a awesome game for you and your friends
Game is pizzalicious. Fish AI. MUST SAVE HOXTON! :( Played beta. Gud beta, Gud game. Re-phrase, pizzalicious game. Drill break :( fix drill :) drill break right after drill fixed *facepalm*
its a good game (:
THis game has some swag, very fun, very good i like it!
As a sequel this did not disappoint.Feels were felt.9.5/10.
如果满分是10分的话，我会给Dying light打 7.5分。在画面上来看，虽说并不如预告片那般精致，但只要有一张还不错的显卡，基本还是可以接受的。7分游戏性上来说，跑酷是一大特点，打僵尸的部分也做得在水准之上。8.5分单人的剧情还是比较短，已经尽量避免了重复老套的找地方和打怪，人物塑造也不错，虽说主角基本戴着死亡光环……7.5分多人剧情模式有待加强，不只是网络的问题，还有人类和僵尸的平衡……不过Be The Zombie部分也算是过得去了。7.5分以上。仅仅是个人见解。
Its pretty good
I recommend this game, it is such a fun game to play, it is like minecraft and Day-Z in one.
Some good things, some bad. The melee combat is horrible, there needs to be some description of lock on added in, although the guns work fairly well. The way "influence" works is really cool and the mulitple diffrent ways of playing give lotsof variety.
FREAKIN' BUY IT MOTHAF*CKASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS. Also buy the DLC MOTHAF*CKASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
I have played Team Fortress 2 for nearly 2 years. It is one of the best games created in my opinion. I think it deserves more of a reward for how good it is.
this game is fantastic especially with friendsl4d2 is complete with everthing badass in a zombie game
Is it fun? Yes. But it's broken when it comes to game mechanics. Steal a key from a guard to make your escape, and your magically caught when he wakes up. Drop some dirt on the ground, you're caught. It gets frustrating especially when it takes so long to prepare yourself for an escape, and while this can be a great game when it works, when it doesn't you just feel cheated.
its fun its qurky and a great game to come back to whenever
This grandma is bad-♥♥♥!
♥♥♥♥in' awesome, nuff' said...
great game really fun
One of the best sims around. Defenatly have a look at this game!
maplestory is a ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥ that is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥. the ♥♥♥♥♥ game doesnt have enough swag for m y dad who gfave birth to my grandpa with the maplestory swag yolo. The game doesnt even ♥♥♥♥ing work for me cause of the ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥ who gave me cancer with yolo slim shady. I dont like slim shady because its white with yellow ginger ale with the straw hat pirate such as ruffy and soro. Tom clancy and batman will beat the pink bean and sleeping dog chinese mafia will ♥♥♥♥ the triads in japan. We will never forget pearl harbour sho. You are the sickest ♥♥♥♥ in the world who eats whale and i maplestory. Maplestory is racist to japanese and muslim people because at nautilias has a ♥♥♥♥ing giant ♥♥♥ whale with bombs in it so it offends people who died at pearl harbour u ♥♥♥♥s. Thankyou for reading my review on storymaple.After further inspection of this game i have come to the conclusion that my ♥♥♥♥ was ripped out of my mothers ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ by zakum and his friends. After 1 day of intense diarrhea and gameplay my ♥♥♥♥ was circumcised by an african slave. im sorry mum please dont read this. After getting to level 50 my chinese side of my ♥♥♥♥ kicked in and shrinked at least 12 inches which means my ♥♥♥♥ is now 8 inches. Maplestory is a really fun game but i had no one to play with. I met some asian guy who was at least 60 years old who had a fetish for feet. I am now writing this review as a vietnamese immigrant is with my friend and probably playing this game. I traveled to the heaven after the undead dragon came back to life and ripped the anal plug from a japanese mans ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
One of the best in the Fallout series so far but still not without issues even though the game has issues. and i guess i cant really complain about framrate lag since i dont think my pc is upto spec's im just glad to play it. and actualy like plating it enough not to use the cheat engine. dont really like the 4 choice limit. but everything else is solid. and im really glad supermutants you cant just snipe from far away they are way harder to deal with.
Great game! Variety of maps and can't get bored with it cause you can verse other people who have different tactics. I highly recommend this game! 2 thumbs up!
ส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์ส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์ส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์?
I'm only writing this because MoTMGLet's see what DECA does with this game.
EXCELENTE JUEGO, RECOMENDABLE PARA LA GENTE QUE LE INTERESA LA POLITICA.
It's good, it's like smash and i beat up my friends girlfriend8/10 stars but would be 10/10 if koji and hattori were the only characters
gramphics: pretty goodsound: a mastahpieceladders: dissapointingcontrols: requires use of hands, otherwise okai: so good i thought it was online, but when i saw that 100s of people had the username "raider scum" it ruined the illusionnick valentine: exceptional8/10, not as good as fallout 5
Is a good game when u have nothing else to do. Although, it can get boring after a while but there a SO MANY DLC's and i got no money to buy dem so im stuck with the original :(
If you're from New Zealand and you don't play this game there's something wrong with you
11/10, Needs a XB1 & PS4 Remake!
this game is AWESOME!!!!!
Such fun. Very cool. Wow. Always good for a laugh.
Excellent game, great follow up with very little but good changes
The greatest turn-based strategy game of all time 11/10
got gliched on the first level :( may change my opinon if it was a mobile game but no its for pc
gr8 game m8 8/8 no deb8
i found the answers 10/10
If you enjoy listening to twelvies with their mics lodged down their throat, then this is the game for you!
This is a fantastic team FPS. The classes are well balanced to enable teamwork.
boring 5 min game that all you can do in is walk and on 1 level you can jumpdont get it
too many feels
Its a good game but the excitment only lasts for untill you go bankrupt and the only way to progress is do everything you've aleady done. 3/5 Crumpets
gud F2P zambie survival game, strongly recommended to people who like roblox, minecraft, and dayz
EXCELLENT, just great.
This game is difficult, but once you get the hang of it it is very addictive and enjoyable.
gg valve has abandoned this game
hmmm so cooooooooooooooool
NOBODY PLAYS THIS GAME ON PC!There are a lot of things wrong with this game. They’ve used the same graphics engine as MW3 and some strange new engine for movement that is heard to get used to. There are some elements in this game that’s completely new to COD, like having fire mode perks for almost all guns. However in saying this they’ve also taken a lot of elements out, simple elements that make COD… COD! Like care packages, they’ve been completely removed and replaced by “field orders” that only one player in the game can have at a time and the order it almost always really hard to do. The maps are painful and the server response time is real. But the biggest thing is that no one plays it! “0 Potential games found…” and on every game mode. If only they did a good job on this game in its early stages.
Doesn't have lag like Agario (I have slow internet)
i was wondering around a town at night and all i found was a rotton kiwi, i ate it and i died, truly amazing
Go with friend on PVE server to learn game. Some guy comes, say hi. He destorys all our stuff. We cant hit him. ♥♥♥♥ing 10/10
it's like minecraft but cool
The Elder Scrolls V - Skyrim is with no doubt one of the best games recently released. An open-world RPG with an infinite amount of quests and modding support ? Count me in.The replayability is also almost endless, because you can make a totally new character with other skills and so have a new experience. Installing mods can also help you fighting the boredom when you've reached 300+ hours ingame.
rip
Playing away, immediately enjoying the experience it is offering. Fluid 2D animations, plenty of things to explore in terms of items, monsters, planets & other extra's. Sound is great, kudos to the composer of the soundtrack, plenty of worthy tracks to enjoy. Game isn't anywhere near finished in terms of content and it already feels like a very complete game with more than enough hours to pour into it. BEST $14.99 you could spend all year!
This community's ♥♥♥♥ed.
Great game, well worth the grind for good weapons/characters.
Garrys Mod Genre: Sandbox,,action,adventure,FPS,open world,rpg,survival,survival horror,western,indie,racing,sports
This game is pure, simple, brutal fun.  Who knew?Things to be aware of - money and ammunition is shared (and so are weapons if you start mounting any on auto turrets - keep an eye on the store count - those are the ones you are using in your team - replace them if you use them or switch to other weapons).  Zombies love attacking barricades but they are usually too dumb to go through a diagonal gap - use that to your advantage.Also remember you can only build/buy during the day.  At night you fight the zombie horde which gets more powerful as you survive each night and the zombies can drop health, ammunition, and bonus cash.  Just don't get yourself killed trying to get it in the later nights!So far I've played solo and with one other in multiplayer.  I'm looking forward to trying this in three and four player multiplayer next.  Should be a hoot.
A FANTASTIC GAMEThis game lasts forever and it is unique in its own wayI recommend this game if u like the following.Action.FPS.Co-Op.Lasting fun.Addictive.Enjoyable
Absolutely love this game. one... more... turn.../10
awessome
Great game successfully fills my dream of living in middle earth. However there is only one problem: DLC. Seriously I know it's an MMO but DLC is getting to ridiculous these days.
Surprised more people are not playing this game?So far, i havent encountered any major bugs, the graphics are pretty good for an alpha. The gameplay keeps you entertained long enough, enemy parties get bigger and bigger. they also seem to respond to how you play (aggressive/passive)has potential to beat out ark in my opinion.
Bashed someone's head in with a rockLeafy Simulator 2016 2/10
Once you get a hand of the controls this game is surprisingly addictive, it can be a little tedious at times but overall its worth the money and my son loves the big trucks in the mud. There is always a soft place in my heart for Russian machinery and this fills it :)If you enjoy Beam.NG for it crash physics, you will enjoy this for its mud physics... if only I could combine the two...
hi
If you\'ve enjoyed the Anime and haven\'t played the game. Buy this game immeadiately.The game gives you the full experience and it has altered my opinion of the anime greatly, as I now know why many people think that it was rushed."But the anime is better...""No That\'s Wrong!"
BEST GAME
Recommending this not just because I loved it, but it makes you think.The concepts and ideas put forth in this visual novel are fascinating, touching on morality, utopia, equality and a mix of other categories. The story is hard to grasp at first, without prior knowledge, but you do eventually slide into it, and its a tough ride to be sure. The artwork and presentation is very standard of a visual novel, in that it looks gorgeous and sounds great, and the character's text is very fluent and well edited. You essentially follow the character Winter around, (its extremely linear, as with all visual novels) and experience the story via text and choice making. Your choices can lead in various directions, allowing you to see different outcomes (make sure to save  haha); which reinforces the whole theme of the story, which revolves around managing Chaos on remote worlds.I greatly enjoyed this experience, and will definitely be buying the second episode when it releases so as to learn even more. Bloody beautiful.
Ya know... ive spent 200+ hrs on this gamethis game was what i would go to chill out with friends but now its a god damn rng game with chances as low as hillary becoming president and as much micro transaction as donald trump complaining about the mexicanswelp im gonna go check if i have any sti's remaining cause i keep getting ♥♥♥♥♥ by the game, no lube no condom10/10 would get ♥♥♥♥♥ by a game again
I like it cause i kill nazi
the first co-op mmo rpg bullet hell shooter on steam (hopefully not last)]hectic, fun, have to tryproblem: to addictive
This game has succeeded in the call of duty series and over topped the last game Ghosts which was a major let down.  This game is highly detailed and will not let all first person shooter lovers down because it has loads of ways to customize, move and even fire a high tech direct energy weapon.  This is an amazing game that I highly recommend if you love FPS's
It's doesn't like before , This game is updated ? It's so BAD
WARNING: DO NOT SUBSCRIBE!!Hi guys, I\'m diabz. I\'ve been playing Quake Live for six years but I started playing Quake 3 Arena in 1999.I\'ve been competing at the highest level in my region since around 2002. Check out my channel http://www.twitch.tv/diabzlive to see what I\'m about, and join the conversation about Quake Live at http://www.esreality.com/With the launch of Quake Live on Steam it\'s imperative that prospective subscribers understand the dangers of subscribing to Quake Live.Quake Live has a development team of two people with one supporting staff member. This ensures that their development cycle is slow and suggestions from the community are ignored. The Quake Live admin are also world famous for censoring voices of dissent and employing a fascist ban regime when people give feedback or complaints.As a result, Quake Live is a stripped down version of Quake 3 Arena (launched 1999).It has no LAN support.It has no matchmaking.It has no anticheat (and cheating is rampant, considering the ease with which people can code cheats for a 15 year old game).Every few months, they repackage decade old Q3A content and attempt to market it to users as "NEW PREMIUM CONTENT".I subscribed since the subscription model launched a few years ago. I have been following the development of Quake Live closely as I am a passionate member of the Quake community.I must STRONGLY ADVISE against anyone subscribing to Quake Live due to the lack of content, lack of updates and fascist admin.Don\'t fall for it!EDIT: All of the features and content of Quake Live plus LOADS more can be purchased all for a once off price here: http://store.steampowered.com/app/2200/
Cant wait for episode 2!
I have not yet played the original Euro Truck Simulator, but boy, this one\'s good. The graphics are great for a simulator, and the physics are very realistic. The array of camera angles would make some great scenes for a Youtube video, and going into a quarry to drop off large pipes can be quite "interesting".The only nitpick i have about this game is sometimes the horn sounds are quite soft, but that\'s about it.Buy this game when there\'s a sale :D-Diamond
It is what it is, a few minutes of what horror experiences VR can provide. Needs more jump scares and gore.
Absolutely LOVE THIS GAME!! I am not a big DDR style games fan, *cough cough, nor am i good at them* But I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS GAME!!!Great Sense of Humour, Story and Dialogues are fantastic... 5/5!! This game is worth paying more than its worth... much much more....
-Black-Shotgunner Medic is OP-AK-47 is OP-Big-Juggernaut Gatling Gunner is OP-Japanese girl with Orbital Cannon is OP-300 Credits per round -Costs 30000 - 50000 Credits to buy character ,each-Full of people that never do the objective10/10 pls fix nothing ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Sand. Ninjas. That is all.
South America is Satan and Russians can only play pudge are just a few of the many lessons Dota 2 has taught the world today.
♥♥♥♥IGN AWEFUL DONT BUY THIS PEICE OF ♥♥♥♥ ITS WORSE THAN AIDS LITERALLY HITLER ♥♥♥♥IGN TRASH GAME> VERY ♥♥♥♥ING FUN WHEN YOUR TEAMMEATES WHO ARE A 4 STACK CAN KICK YOU AND YOU BET BANNED FOR A ♥♥♥♥IG WEEK BECAUSE THEY THOUGHT IT'D BE A MEME, IF YOU ALREDY HAVE THIS GAME UNINSTALL IT AND PRAY FOR VALVE TO IMPLIMENT A REMOVE FROM LIBARY FUNCITON FOR THIS TRASH EXCUSE FOR A GAME GO ♥♥♥♥ YOURSELF CS:GO
great game. spec op the line has an amazing story which lets just say takes an odd turn but still alot of fun and so achivments force you to replay the story again.
Just get it , It's fun and interesting plot story , So hey ! Why the hell not
It wont open i have tried everything. Every thread i have seen including the developers thread.
Biggest ♥♥♥♥ing piece of ♥♥♥♥ game I have ever seen in my life. Nothing to do, game is broken as hell. Guns don't work properly/at all, graphics are bugged, zombies make no sound when attacking and are extremely fast so often times you'll just end up dead, the list goes on. Only bought this game because it was 9 cents and I can sell the trading cards to make some money back.DO NOT BUY GAME IS ♥♥♥♥
Have you ever had that poop that got stuck up there so you become constipated? Well here's the game just for you to make you crap yourself. I recommend this because it is a fun open world game that lets you explore the world and nature of hungry cannibals that wanna eat your face. In short this game is great but would be better in full version and can't wait for it!P.S.Make sure you change your underwear after playing this game ;)
the game was Great in all 9.5/10 Review:during the gameplay my fun went to this one its like watching a movie about zombies ad your in iti like these type of games that is free roaming and a pledge of killing zombies butstill i saw some glitch or bug... first is the server we know that the server list was remove but since i use evolve i got now groupsthe problem is anytime i do something like picking items or dropping in the server i got kicked outmy friends dont know why i have been kicked since its our server... then the reason that i got kickwas i was hacking items during in-game WHAT?!?! im not even hacking i was picking items then blameto me i cheat if anyone experience this then it needs to be fix....Second dunno if its part of the game or error..when i use the car jack item on the car which is the water it blew after i use it i dont knowif this is an error thought.... ok for the new update now for suspected teleport ... ._.
i urge you to give this game a chance, it has a beautiful art style and it is really refreshing to play. the only bug i can report is the weird green worm things i found in a cave :)
Excellent free multiplayer shooter
Very fun and enjoyable game.It only needs a longer story and more things to do after finishing the main story5/7- would buy again
One of the best MMO's ever just beatiful, Very good graphics,runs smoothly and there is a stunning environment if you want to have fun get this game!
First impressions, the game is pretty cool. I understand most people are having a startup errors and giving a rather bias opinion on a overall pretty decent game so I'll just set the cards on the table. The game's enviroment was a big plus for me. If you've played from 1 to Primal you'd realise the Farcry series is alot about the location aswell as gameplay. One thing I didn't quite get to begin with is that the game kind of throws you in and expects you to know what to do giving small tutorials on minor actions but no real perspective on what to do. If you've played 4 and 3 you'll see a pretty similar control scheme, so I'd say go into the game after catching up on your basic controls and you'll experience the game alot better. there are a bunch of new features to replace your old ones which I have a mixed opinion on so I'll leave that alone because nobody's opinion is greater than your own so If you want to experience the game for yourself. Overall I reccommend this to fans of the Farcry series but somebody jumping in newly I suggest trying the previous games out before purchasing this. Multiplayer would be good if it was there though
Originally bought it for the Playstation and out of lazyness bought it for PC too. Slightly different to Dearsiders 1 with more plot holes and similar gameplay and  the controls aren't ported for PC very well. If you enjoyed Darksiders 1 more than a little bit you'll enjoy 2, if not you're better off elsewhere
<A month after planets added>Seems stable enough pretty good<Planets added >Buggy as hell... can't even walk on a planet without beind randomly killed by nothing also it's nearly impossible to land a lander without it crashing and killing you. proformance is crap and at this time the game is crap.<Before planets>I swear this game and the scale and amount of ♥♥♥♥ you can do it amazeing i swear you can make a ship and hit something and not notice than walk outside and see a massive dent in your ship A++
This game is the Beast. 10 out of 10 bro
If you're looking for a great horror game. This is it. There's no way to kill the enemies/monsters, you only have three choices to get away. Run, hide or die. As soon as you get in the game it's smack into the horror and keeps you on your toes. Highly reccomend this game. 80/100 on metacritic for an indie game is pretty f*&^ng good if you ask me, and this game lives up to your expectatiohns.
Completely unique and incredibly addictive, nothing else like it out there.
muito daora vale a pena
Es un juego increible es muy adictivo ahora encima que esta en fase beta no me imagino cuando ya este completo un gran juego
this is one of the best games of 2013 play it now its buckets of fun
This game is awesome free to play and gar better than call of duty9/10
This game is awesome free to play and gar better than call of duty9/10
These guys are better heroes and are far funnier than that bat-dressed freak...Batman...that ♥♥♥♥♥...
olo
this game is preety good
This is an Amazing game one of the best in the series, which every game has been amazing though
Best Game on PC. Yet.
yeah so after finding out this initially wasn't coming to pc i was VERY disappointed and thus i had to wait out many years to actually get my hands on it, but boy was it worth the wait. 2nd best game ever made, behind just cause 2.
♥♥♥♥
Praise Todd Howard !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This is a great game and im happy that they made it so the servers are back up and running and wanted to get this version even though i still have the box version
♥♥♥♥ing skits ♥♥♥♥!
what a living horror game
i like this game i recommend it to everyone since its free and alot of hats and MASSIVE FREAKING WEAPONS!!!
an amazing game that allows you to have a large amount of fun.
A fun, brain tingling game but not for the impatient.You have been warned!
,ucho bom
I love the game for its perfect explosions, balanced cahracters, and gamemodes yes you will love so get the game (typing skills are my best......jk)
Este juego es recomendable para los que son fanaticos de shooters y otros counters
awesome retro game definitely recommend!! Its like Bro Force or Expendabros :p
I don't get it, this is CS with new maps and a $15 price tag?!?
This is an amazing game! I have loved every minute of it. Even better when playing with 3 other friends.
It is a awful game
May have ♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphic, old guns, sounds and characters. But it's still better than most games on the market nowaday. It's not about the quality of graphic, it's about the quality of gaming.
Good and kewl game ever i rate dis to a 1000000000000000000000000 over 100000000000000000000
Cool Online or offline game. Neat mm system and inventory system
Nice physics, great game
this is a great game for playing with your freinds and felo gamers and is the top free to play on steam grab a copy and join the actionDoc Holiday siging out
I was Egypt. took England 11/10
should be purchased by everyonegood for lans especially
um sa-mp melhorado infinitamente
overall a big improvment on setup user interface than most other MOBA, the only let down is still lacking a few heroes from Dota 1, hoping to see them soon (overlord, orcale)
ITs really fun and should be called Portal 3 Lol
Lag Simulator 201410/10 - IGN
This is one of my favourite games its so weird and funny and I believe you would enjoy it.
You can get jumpscared by your predecessor 10/10 GREAT GAME
Hats, all about dem hats
Epic Game!!!!!!!!!
awesome
Best Prison Game I've played!!!!!!
1. Launch game2. Play with friends3. Shot a net gun at a friend and I threw him off.10/10 Would ruin friendships again
2/10 would not recommend. Trailer and pictures are quite deceptive, game performs horribly for what it is, it is loosely cooperative but mostly ramping PvP campers, the map is quite dull and unoriginal and the actual game is hardly even a survival game as the ♥♥♥♥ing nether things like to pop up behind and arserape you before you have the chance to leave spawn..
i love it when you ♥♥♥♥ me in the ♥♥♥♥
Great game... AND ITS FREE!!
Tactical?Nothing tactical about it! Typical FPS run/hack/slash.If you want yet another run of the mill, follow the leader types brainless FPS, this is for you. Waste of money.
Great game. You need about $5 dollars to start a trading career if you wish, and you can earn it back!I love this game, it is so fun and you should try it.There are many skill level things to do!Guess what, you can install it for free!Even if you are a beginner to games, don't worry! It is easy to learn and yes, you can play as long as you like!
JOGO MUITO BOM,RECOMENDO
Space ninjas are pretty cool i geuss, textures are kinda eh in places but whatever i can jump around and cut ♥♥♥♥ in half so im happy
To make this game a million times better all you have to do is add two words.Use mods.Can change zombies into teletubbies 10/10.
I have nearly 3 hours on Killing Floor 2 so far. It has been the best game experience for a new release I've had in over 6 months, and its not even finished yet. If you're wondering if you should buy this game, the answer is yes. Killing Floor 2 expands upon the original game in every way and refines the experience (Still miss the trader lady though). Tip: To take out the Boss, just spam grenades and unload all of the ammo of the AA12 into his face.10/10 (So far)
- First few levels are a bit average I thought.- Engine looks a bit old and creaky nowadays, but not enough to distract badly from the overall feel. It certain scenarios it     does really shine though(large outdoor areas)+ Further into the game the more it started to remind me of the old Return to Castle Wolfenstein :) This is a good thing!+ Better game than Wolfenstein the new order
AWSHUM GAME!!!
i quickscoped a guy in the junk lol
A good game to play alone. A great game to play with friends.
Really good game, Similar to Terraria but has its differences.
ruined my life 10/10
Don't let the name fool you. It's more of an arena than a floor.
Good Game
dog nipple in my salad gave me ebola. get this game
nice
its really ♥♥♥♥, like someone took a really good lsd trip, like what the ♥♥♥♥ i got aids
Welp here is my kinda quick who gives a damn about spelling review on the crew, Even though everyone gave this game ♥♥♥♥ before it had even come out due to ubisoft and how they are but This is coming from someone who is max level and finished the story,Pros- The game looks really nice,cars are very nice to look at and sound very nice, the map feels very large and has lots of different terrain and weather which does effect the handling which is good. The story is rather enjoyable for a racing game and it is an adult level story not some dumbed down kids friendly story that makes me want to cry (Test Drive 2 im looking at you), The cars handle well for what they are and upgrading does actually make the cars feel better to drive.Cons- (ohboiherewego.jpg) Welp this game does have its fair share of cons so far. The whole name of the game is the crew, which is funny conisdering me and my friends cant join each others crews, and the fact most of the time you are playing you never see anyone else driving around, and teleporting to friends to see them doesnt help because they never show up on your screen. Another con would be the huge lack of support with these problems and how none of the devs seems to care about the connections problems (Which isnt good considering this game is apparently an mmo, and an mmo with connection issues isnt a good thing). The last few cons would be gameplay based, the other ai racers in this game are either so stupid they drive into rivers or they are so rediculously op that they cant be caught even by the best of drivers in the best of cars, and the last con would be im having a problem where the game seems to take control of the car and ♥♥♥♥ you up at the worst of times.Final thought: Even with this extensive amount of cons i would still reccommend this game as the majority of these cons will be fixed within the next few days (hopefully) and the game is rather enjoyable otherwise.
Necrons OP
i saw this game and thought "why not this will be fun" never have i wanted to kill myself more in my life the bosses can go to hell g8 b8 m8 i r8 it 8/8
HOLY BALLSAny player interested in WW2, or hardcore shooters should drop everything and buy this game now. Realistic gun play, movement, TANKS? CUSTOM MAPS, VERY DEDICATED DEVELOPER. Everything you could want. Only problem is lack of players, however, most servers have some players on them. The developer is also quite slow, mainly because of the small size of the team.11/10
great game it's minecraft/zombie survival >_<
can someone help me please i got this to listen to and i cant find them there not in my music idk were they have gone....................help!!!!!!!!1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9L1WYMKSaTATHEY PLAYED US LIKE A DAMNED FIDDLE!i cri ery tim
kjkhgggjhgm,
it says i need a working internet for some reason i hate that game
it says i need a working internet for some reason i hate that game
This game is excellent. I hadn't really played a 2d platform combat game, however this one got me hooked. Very responsive controlls, great combat, lovely art style, good story line and the music is just beautiful, very immersive and really complements the location. Nice upgrades and new abilities and decent gameplay lenght. This game is definetly worth playing. 8.5/10
Fun crazy gun play with ridiculous eneimes, such a great game
[NO SPOILERS IN THIS, DON\'T WORRY]7 hours later; Finished Bioshock Infinite: Burial at Sea Part 2.ABSOLUTELY what both Bioshock 2 and Part 1 should have been; Both story and gameplay wise. This time around you play as Elizabeth instead of Booker Dewitt. Though what you expect from the gameplay is not the same run and gun from Infinite and part 2.What you get instead is a very well done stealth encouraging game play, with the run and gunning optional, though discouraged. The stealth works exceptionally well and you are rewarded for using it to reach all areas of the game to unlock perks for plasmids (vigors?). Unfortunately I very early on found perks that SOMEWHAT broke the gameplay (the classic: "WHO ARE YOU?" -go invisible- "Must\'ve been the wind!"). This could (I hope) be alleviated by playing on a higher difficulty. I guess 1999 mode would make the AI much more aware of your presence? I myself played on Medium, as I prefer to fell immersed in the story rather than struggle through the gameplay, but will definitely replay on a higher difficulty.The story both emphasises the enormity of what infinite introduced AND tried to repair what Part 1 had tried to tell us. Though strangely enough (??? How could it have possibly ???) Bioshock 2 does not tie in whatsoever. A lot of the plot from Bioshock 1 comes in to play in Part 2, very neatly tying a lot of the voice recordings remembered from Bioshock 1 in to the very fabric of the story of Infinite. It felt very much as though EVERYTHING that had occured in Bioshock 1 was written AFTER infinite, it just fits so perfectly.If you were needing to decide on a game to purchase (and if you haven\'t played Infinite and Burial at Sea Part 1 already... DO IT (though please don\'t assume part 2 will not be up to par as part 1 was)), the Bioshock Infinite game and its DLCs are definitely worth the purchase.tearjerker/10 would want to forget I had played this and play it forever.
Its like Dayz with a graphics downgrade. But it's free. My only issue is once you get looted, you get bored (until out of the blue you get ♥♥♥♥ed)Yeah, it's true what they say about admins though, kill them and get ready for torture as they teleport back and demand you give the their stuff back. Yeah good game though.
If you do not mind getting destroyed by stage 1 monster, hours of grinding for a single characters or perk, and waiting an eternity to find a group to play with, this game is decent. Otherwise, don't bother with it.
Best gameit has a cool, fast FPS system which also has comedy toolots of cool guns, hats and taunts.. NOT TO MENTION THE BREAD OF THE TELEPORTERS10/10 recomed to anyone who likes fast shooters
10/10 ign the zombie A.I can walk though wallsjust part of the experience
Brillaint RPG and brilliant modding community, only let down by being somewhat prone to crashes/bugs
Baffling and charming in equal measures, Proteus has a medatative quality, but is at the same time engaging.  Wandering the Island watching and listening to how the elements of the island interact with you is a peaceful and grounding experiance.  Reccomended.
+1 Great game and lots of fun.
Enjoyed the hell out of the beta, loved the game on release, my mates and I pouring many hours into this game. Some free and paid DLC comes out, which is fine as I\'m keen for more maps. However, the DLC keeps coming and coming, begin thinking Overkill is going overboard with the DLC. Still waiting on things that were promised before the beta was released, features that were fairly basic and should have been in the game. I was content to just stop playing and leave it at that, but then Overkill brought out this microtransaction weapon skin ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, despite their insistence that microtransactions would never happen.So now I\'m here, giving this a negative review. It\'s a shame really, because the game was great at first. But then they just got greedy and now we\'re left with this. Before they implemented microtransactions, I would have said, "At least they didn\'t get as greedy or as stupid as Turtle Rock Studios did with their Evolve DLC". But Overkill went the step further and completely one upped them, which is a pretty (un)impressive feat.Damn you, Overkill. You ruined something that was fun.
This game is a fast paced team based shooter. The controls are tight and the gameplay incredibly fun, i dropped about 8 hours on steam and heaps before then when was in beta. This game is awesome and for the asking price whats stopping you from trying it. If your a fan team based shooter this will keep you playing for days.
Once i started to play this game i was hooked, with game play and an art style that wont age this game will keep you intersted for a while. The community in this game can be toxic some times but otherwise is quite friendly. Trading in this game is very intesting with an extremly large community for a fps game. I would recomend everyone to play this game as it is free to play and free to uninstall.
yep its good
Great game. need people to play with. well more anyway, invade each other test out our defenses. and mostly kill things!
这款游戏真好玩~！
i wouldnt buy for a few months or years....i totaly regret forki gout 10 dollars for this game instead of rust...PROS- -good visuals-good mechanicsNEGS--no one to play with (kind of a big deal \'cos its multiplayer based-almost exactly the same as "world of Warships" but with another Axis that means you can go up and a smaller player base-micro transactions in a 10 dollar game?-out of date engine in a current gameso yeah, i would wait until its F.T.P...
"Prepare to level. Prepare to loot. Prepare to get lost in the hilarious, bizarre and wonderful world of Pandora– IGN" This couldn\'t be any more truthful. BBorderlands 2 is one of the greatest games I have ever played, it\'s the hustle and bustle of intense multi player and the thought and consideration of a single player campaign. It\'s like Call of Duty, Halo and Half Life all mixed and mashed into one fast paced crazy action shooter with the greatest characters and weirdest... well. everything. Borderlands 2 is an amazing game with everything a gamer could ever want, mind bending Statistics, Gore-ey Violence, rib tickling Characters, In depth and intense story line (I cried), and Much Much More! So, what are you waiting for? stop reading this and Go kill Play the Game!
It's okay.
<3
Got it and two other copies for free, regret it and none of my friends will take them.
More fun than than trying to talk to people who don't understand sarcasm or how to take a ♥♥♥♥ing joke. You should get it.
First game as werewolf, died night 1. I learn't to laugh at my own deathSecond game as werewolf, got the achievement for attacking 5 people at once. I learn't to laugh at the deaths of othersThat summaries my experience with Town of Salem.
could u update for players who doesn't have joy sticks?
What to say about Rise of the Triad... first off, who likes a bit of fast-paced action? If that answer in your head (or out loud if you bothered) was a yes, perhaps read on here:ROTT differs from a lot of the modern day FPS games that most know of in the fact that it offers the factor of intense action in its own unique sorta way. Weapons of all sorts, Powerups, Jump pads, a soundtrack whcih some would love (including myself) and even some fairly decent platforming (Platforming in an First Person Shooter?! Yes, that's right folks). With similarities to age-old games such as Doom, Quake and more importantly Rise of the Triad's previous version, the game offers levels that though somewhat linear in fashion still offer a challenge to players. On top of the normal gameplay, you may find yourself stumbling across a hidden room with some extra secrets or even an Easter Egg thrown in by the devs. Depending on how hard they are to find, discovering one of those can be a rewarding time of sorts, speaking from my own humble opinion.. To begin with on release however, the remake did in fact have some bugs and issues (as most new games would have which is understandable), but the developers at Interceptor have been working at ROTT after its release and have managed to work out what appear to be a lot of the kinks. I've stuck with the remake since its release and have a feeling that Interceptor is making quite a good first impression to me as a game-developing group with what they've set up here. I might just keep an eye out on any other games that Interceptor works on in the future if such happens. To sum up quite a long and drawn out reccomendation of Rise of the Triad, I'd say that the game itself can be worth your time if you're looking for something a bit different or creative... Dare I say a bit 'Ludicrous'?
Amazing game, I just wish more people played it!
An open world fantasy RPG for the ages. An absolute 'Must buy'
A really great game. Perfect for people who like building, gathering, fighting and advancing. Minecraft but 2D and a million times better in terms of building, fighting and advancing throughout the game. Check out the other reviews for a more in-depth analysis.
Just Buy The Damn Thing!
I don't even know what I'm doing.
v nice
Really love the uniqueness of the game. And there are dinosaurs.
An imaginative and gorgeous game. Main campaign is a litle short, but there's a challenge mode to keep you interested. Only for the open minded.
A game with fantastic micro transactions that do make with a large collection of heros to play & with a lot of polish but with sometimes dota 2 can have a unfriendly playlers & a noob calling fest.9/10 while playing with friends7/10 on your own
This game so fun
Don't Starve Is A Great Game That Requires You To Plan Ahead As You May Encounter Random Threats. It Takes A While To Complete A single Playthrough And Provides Enjoyment At All Stages. I Reccomend This Game To People Who Enjoy Platform And Strategy Games.8.5/10
this is gud dlceveryone is saying this is bad cuz they cant kill the floodload of civs
My favourate RE game without a doubt, Offers a fantastic campaginand offers a fantastic post game mode being raid mode that will get you lost in it for HOURS, with some fantastic characters to play (Leon,Hunk,Jill,Claire) to name somethe only issues with this game is that they rushed it which is pretty evident when you start playing campaign mode, alot of audio issues, graphics and visual issues, and diaglog issues. But this dosent carry off into raid mode which is fantastic. 8/10
█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄ \u3000 ▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █ \u3000 ▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ \u3000 ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀ █▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ█ █─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
Loving this game after only playinh for 7 hours.It does have some moments in combat were you think "What the ♥♥♥♥ happened?" but other than that this game is what a RPG should be all about.
#betterthancod
Freakin love this game, well worth the play, takes a fair bit to get the hang of it though.   Keep at it, don't give up, and enjoy the endless customization opportunities.
Taught me orbital mechanics10/10
Good game has come a long way since i started playing
10/10
Items that if you get in your first item room will make anyone restart the run:Soy milk.Tiny planet.Dr. Fetus.Any ♥♥♥♥♥♥ usables.
some very ridiculous things happen in this game
Items that if you get in your first item room will make anyone restart the run:Soy milk.Tiny planet.Dr. Fetus.Any ♥♥♥♥♥♥ usables.
some very ridiculous things happen in this game
amazing game. 9 years old and still a great game, if you can play with friends you can have a good time. definatly worth buying.
Very Good Game, I recmmend for all!
This game is AMAZING! It is a must by but there is one problem... most of my time playing this game I have crashed SO MANY TIMES!!! It really needs patching for crashing, its crazy. I'm not sure if this happens to every but be warned, crashing may happen alot. pecebuy this game anyway + has the best devs alive
A really great FPS/RTS mix done right, including tons of options to go by, tons of customization via mods on the workshop, and a real feeling of support from the developers towards a competitive community. For everyone who was disapointed by Aliens Colonial Marines, this game more than makes up for it.
Um dos melhor jogos q ja jogei tanto por ele se simples  mas por ser confuso pois a todo uma matematica de vc ganhar itens bons no jogo e n apenas ser forte e ter os melhores itens do jogo pois esse jogo vc sempre ira evoluir nele e nunca ficar na mesma achei muito legal é o melhor hack is slash/Grind/Rpg  q ja jogei
I love this game. I really do. But I strongly advise not to buy this game until it is fully released. Or at least not for the current full price.Pros:-This game can be really pretty if you have a good enough PC-The cannibals are terrifying-Nice inventory and crafting -Lots of stuff to build and doCons:-Can run like ♥♥♥♥ if it is being played on a 'low-end' PC-Glitches Galore!-The storyline is kinda boring-I dont even remember the storyline right now-Co-op needs to be overhauled and fixedOverall, i give this game a 6/10 in it's current state
Its ok.
Fun
Best game ever!
Game of the year / decade.
A wonderfull game with pure "lightheated" drama and a story that will truly bring you to tears, 10/10 - Sean
Great Just Great
After playing 64 hours of this great game, I am finally ranked as a Silver Four Scrub... and I still don't know all of the callouts. I guess this is the start of my long road to Nova One and beyond.10/10, I recommend this game to anyone who wants to get the daily dose of Vitamin Allahu (and those who wish to spend all of their money on skins).
decent.
i love this game and it it so open world that you can littery go out of it me and my friends play this and i don't think there will ever be a game as open and fun as this one.
Great game if only it didn't crash all the time!
5 Words: Do Not Play this game
It is a ridiculously brilliant game I've played around 120 hours and would not have traded that for time in any other game
This is an impressive and long-awaited game from the developers of Limbo. Beginning as a kid in the woods, the game immediately immerses you in a dark, disturbing world; each scene is aesthically stunning and the dark atmosphere is enhanced by score that delivers tension at the appropriate time. As you unravel the mystery of the world, the game strikes a balance between fast-paced, anxious survival and patient problem-solving. Death is often unexpected, though not gory; and you quickly learn from your fatal mistakes. Given that you can finish it in 4-5 hours, this is the type of game that you should play in one or two sittings, and let it take you away in what can be an existential experience.
I didn't mean to hurt anybody
This game was so shocking at first to play. Awesome neverending weapons and fun machanics without the worry of getting actual shellshock. Would most recommend to get with firends to enjoy the fun of blowing eachother up.
A hilarious slice of gaming glory.
Payday 2 is an excellent game if you are willing to play with at least one friend. Although try to avoid the DLC's, some of them can be a waste of time and money. I wanna make this review short so i give it an 8/10.
legal
10/10 loved playing the game.
This Game Is BS It Wasted All The 22 Bloody Minutes Of My Life And My Computer Cant Even Run It It Needs Such Good Graphics And It Costed So Much. The Open World I Horrible And No One Likes It Besides The People That Do.JKsPS Im Not One Of The People That Like It
No offense.Better than all COD's.
so fun
Gutes Spiel und eine netter story die man zu 3 mit seinen freunden durchspielen kann :)Einzig nervige ist  das der ingame voice chat nicht ausmachen kann das ist minimal störend da der ingame voice chat nicht besondern gute Qualität hat und man ihn leider nicht ausschlaten kann 
john madden recommend this
This game is so awesome that it made me pregnant and I'm a guy.
Muito bom *-* (vc precisa ter paciencia e fazer tudo com calma,1 tiro vc morre)
game was great untill you made it ptw
This game is tons of fun, it's very team based and has lot of weapons. Game is very addictive and you will play it for hours. Highly recomended 9/10.
Nice Game Nice Story (Make You Sense)Get REKT THIS GAME +++
10 out of ♥♥♥♥ing 10
i love the gameplay and all that but the problem is that i cant seem to find anyone on this game and the ammount of dlcs (im posting this after 10 min and only found 1 player)
Ive played not very much of it, The gameplays pretty good but what got me hooked was the amount of detail in the story. You have to notice alot to read it but damn.. Theres alot. People rage debate over what could be right or wrong about their ideas. 10/10 mysterious.
♥♥♥♥ you darcy
why look like a half life 2 mod?
This game is great
You know a games good when you stay up till 3am playing it.
Before I was premium, the game would scream at me to buy something. Finally did. I miss the screaming. RIP my freemium 2012-2014
I bought it as a joke. Still think its a joke
10/10 would like another 7 daysEDIT 2016The game is much harder now, Interface had changed, texture resolution has been downgraded. and theres been no progress on the game in basicly 2 years...   I want to see skyscrapers, More than one big city. NPCs, sewers. all that stuff. But nope, insted the only real significan thing we got in 2 years was minibikes. and a terrain system that gitches more often.  6/10
Good game. The best Counter Strike  ever !
one of the best game ever played all in one ....
Its all about the hats - in the best possible wayWhere else could you spend 1000's of dollars on hats that add not one cent of difference to your damage ability / health or any other stat.  Its free (as much as you want it to be) and fantastic fun in so many many ways.   A few hours to be proficient ( you will die a lot )  - hundreds of hours to master ( you still die alot - just not so quickly ). 4,500 hrs - what more needs to be said.
good game
Best free FPS Game Ever Created!
This is a game dominated by all the good fps players, new or casual players will get completely flogged and have no way to counter that because there is hardly anyone playing this game anymore, the people that are, are the good fps players i was talking about. If you believe you are good at fps then by all means try this game, but why I don't recommend this game is because whether you're good at fps or not you're still going to get flogged because the tiny little aliens that move 100mph and change directions instantly are impossible to hit, unless you've been playing this game for years. This game does not provide a pleasant experience, do not get it, I beg you.
get this game
i llllllllloooooooooovvvvvvveeeeeee this game but i realy wish it had multiplayer.if it had mulitplayer the game would be much more fun with friends
BY IT...PLAY ZOMBIES...TRARK IS BAWS!!!!!
Really great game. If you enjoy getting achievements and being challenged, get this. There's alot of replayability.
kill kill kill die die die DEAD ISLAND
Awesome first-person shooter game :D
Grinding Gear Games are simply one of the best game developers that have ever existed
BEST CHICKED SHOOTING SUMULATOR 2014!!!
Foooooooooda
Quite a disappointing game. Beautiful looking scenes and charater models - but the content is bland and empty. Perhaps wait for sale, then again, perhaps not.
Very fun, addictive, cool cartoon graphics. Has a couple of bugs but game is regularly patched. Definetley worth the download and best of all its FREE!
Lol this game made more sence then the last one.And who doesn't like blowing ♥♥♥♥ up
Supimpa!!!Minecraft bostaTerraria mito
10/10 would bang
Why bother advertising a game that has co-op when the co-op doesn't even ♥♥♥♥ing work
great game, a bit repetetive and grindy at times but i do reccomend it to any tower defense fans
this game is pretty fun you should buy it
Um ótimo jogo no estilo Beat n' Up (ou então pancada mesmo) Super divertido, Pode render dias de diversão, Tem um sistema de níveis ótimo, Um sistema de pontos a cada level upado, E um super sistema de magias, e Também não posso esquecer dos 2 DLC'S (Conteúdo Adicional) o Pink Knight (Solta arco-íris e pinguins e um bichinho parecido com o Jigglypuff) e Também o Blacksmith, (Solta um sapo que dá uma linguada no bicho, e Atira uma marreta de chamas, se for comprar algum jogo, compre esse =D. E É ♥♥♥♥♥DARIA TOTAL, :3
$$$$$$
In most aspects this game is on par with most other games, its performance and learning curve might be a bit lacking but it has something that almost no other FPS has to this degree. Scale.it is like if you took Halo and all of its multiplayer maps and stitched them together, tacking blood gulch onto valhalla onto another 30 maps gives you one of the four continents of Auraxis and having upwards of 200 players fighting in a single location in three seperate factions this game is immense.
Not enough effort, same map and vehicles used for the most part. Story coulda been more comprehensible, too. SR3 was insane but possible to become emotionally attached to. This, not so much. I ONLY recommend it if you haven't played SR3.
Divertido para se jogar com os amigos e pelo preço: 2,19 vale a pena
Amazing 10/10, ubisoft continuesly provide us with amazing yearly Assassin's Creed games. I recommend you get it.
what i like about borderlands 2 is the game has greate guns and good story missions
this game doesnt crash
Waiting Simulator 2014
The best of its kind!Portal 2 is easily the best puzzle game I have ever played, you may think that im kidding because i've only played 2.6 hrs of the game but that's due to the switch of my computers. This game includes knowledge, and you need to have fairly good knowledge of angles, reflexes and puzzling. I am not a very good puzzler myself but this game is still, the best. Hopfully this helped you in the process of thinking to buy the game during the quick sale that is going on right now.
An incredibly fun roguelike, fun, intense but not stressful at the same time.
I did like it. It is a scary game. You do need to be cafeful.
Threw a can at a guard. Guard got angry.11/10
es el mejor juego de la historia
Stay away! It's a Drug!
very good game, single player is fun and multiplayer is not bad either, wide selection choice for civs that are well balaced (at least from my experience). 9.5/10
kl
Great multiplayer fun for everyone, whether you want to play competitively or just ♥♥♥♥ around with friends. Strongly recommend for anyone looking for a good co-op game to play with friends.
this game is quite imersive, with the combat changing depending on in air or not and attacks working off of arial launces are a interesting factor. the talent system is fairly reasonable, and the combat really takes you away from the mmo's typical tab target system. its a welcome change. it would use some more texture re vamping and better lightning systems, and maybe a gor feature for people who like the whole anime style but want a more graphic exsperiance. and perhaps linking all of the gate way maps together so you dont have to suffer loading screams all the time.other then thies small details the games build is quite solid. and has a high potental.
Like getting ♥♥♥♥♥ sideways by a crowbar.10/9.7
i have never played a game so worth my time as this one, plus the fact that it is free, although there are mini-transactions, but they are optional, but really, I believe any gamer interested in air battles or not will enjoy this game, also it isnt the finished production yet and in the future they will be adding land and naval battles, i promise you will enjoy it. :D
10/10would kill a giant robot skeleton that shoot lazers again
nice game
Es un muy buen juego divertido con muchas clases para elejir 
F*** YOU BRAD, YOU F***ING PIECE OF S***, NOT COOL MAN, YOU D**** STEALER. (SAME GOES TO TRAVIS)and **** you Emily hope Brad leaves you, you deserve to be alone f***ing b****. ;_;
Muy buen juego, por mi parte es un tanto mejor que el GTA IV ya sea por la jugabilidad y por graficos. :D
Bueno juego
+ Its Free to Play- Forces you to buy new pants and underwear
Tiene cromos y fue gratis :v
This is a great game and in my view has one of the most memorable stories in all of the games i have played. It's one of the games that even after playing it you still think about it, the story stuck in your head for a number of reasons. It is a game that tries to show another side of war. Not the side that other games show where you kill and kill, but the side that shows consequences for your killing and the impact it has.
i so far love this game even though I can only use it for two days i have played it soo soo much and i cant wait to buy the full game
This is what Payday 2 is:I was told to rob a bank and survive, and what happened; friends screaming at me, cops belting everyone.IT IS A GREAT GAME FOR A BEEFY COMPUTER REMEMBER THAT!!! 9.5/10 -AI a little bad
Buy this game because my opinion matters.
Great story, turn based combat, real time combat and ending.This game is great for anyone.10/10
Lo Recomiendo Buen Juego El mejor Que Conozco Si No hubiera conocido este juego yo no sería nada(We recommend Good Game Best That I Know If I had not known this game I would be nothing)
Space engineers lets all your childhood space fantasies of building inter-stellar mark 7 cruisers to life, and then lets you fly them through space! Not to mention building stationary bases, inventing things and crashing your ships.The ship building tools are quite sophisticated, allowing large complex ships to be built quickly and with minimal hassle.I definitely recommend this game to anyone who wanted to play minecraft in space, but with physics!
A game much like Team Fortress 2, Fistful of Frags is a fun western shoot-em-up which involves four teams to fight each other with ye olde weapons. The game runs on the Source Engine, which can lead to hilarious events with ragdolls and can cause some pretty spectacular kills.3.5/5
Who says educational games can't be fun?
VERY GOOD INDEED its also VERY interactive and even though u have monsters chasing u its LOADS OF FUN!!!!!!
Review on Portuguese and EnglishAnálise em Português e InglêsReview on EnglishAnálise em InglêsSUMMARY: Insurgency is a FPS (First-Person Shooter) game with tactical elements that tend to realism but can be configured to become arcade (this depending on the server). Even the game not having a campaign to get more interesting, it's exclusively focused to the cooperative (against AI-controlled bots) and to the Multiplayer (against real enemies).Entering the game, the player can choose to join the Insurgents team or to the Security team, both have their own classes, weapons and customizations, but even so, the game can keep very well balanced during the match.Currently, Insurgency has 7 different game modes in the Multiplayer, which the maximum server capacity is 32 players, about the cooperative match, the game has 5 different modes and the maximum server capacity is 8 players.GRAPHICS: As for the graphics we can say that is impressive to see how developers worked to optimize them to the maximum, even with many elements present during a match the game doesn't need a very good PC to run, the graphics stand out for being well modeled and with a excellent finish, the details of the scenarios and weapons also impresses, but it is impossible to compare them to new generation of games, I think the graphics are similar to CS:GO. There are some mods at Steam Workshop that can slightly improve the graphics of the game.SOUNDS / AUDIOS: Another extremely positive point of Insurgency is the quality of the sounds of weapons, environments and explosions, they can make you get fully into the game, because it seems that you are in a real war, and also, you can download some mods in Steam Workshop that will improve the effect and the experience, letting the game more real (or funny). PING / FPS: The game has a really good rendering which makes it possible to run even on less powerful computers (if you can run CS:GO on low graphics at 60 FPS, probably can play Insurgency without any problem), and servers respond very well, even with 200 ping, you can play without perceive any difference or interference while the gameplay.GAMEPLAY: The gameplay of Insurgency is a bit different because it tends to the realism, so it becomes a bit more complicated than other FPS games we are used to, always being very fluid and responding well to the requested commands. If you are new to FPS games, maybe you will pass a bit of difficulty, 'cause you don't have a quick answer against enemies or even an advanced coverage notion yet. To the veterans on FPS games can be sure that Insurgency will make you become better at basically every other FPS you play or have played.The physics in the game is a little weak, it tries to hide some mistakes but it doesn't work so much, for example the bodies don't react too well to bullets.I didn't find any individual cheating, or doing some bug.DEVELOPERS: Assets and attentive, the Insurgency Support/Development Team is an example, always trying to help you with any questions or problems you have in the game, unlike many other games, the Developer/Support Community of Insurgency tries to maintain a intense contact with the public, as an example, they play matches with us. You can contact them through Steam if you need something, which makes the service be much faster and easier.COMMUNITY: In the sense of Insurgency Players Community, I can not analyze in relation to Asian, Oceania or Africa servers, but the American (all the America, not only U.S.A.) and Europe community are very warm and friendly (also very funny, ALLAHU AKBAR) at every match that I played I didn't find any rager or any that harm your gameplay (such as abusing the voice chat, abusing the chat, or kill his own team with intent). The players community created and are creating a lot of mods to improve or vary your gameplay (some mods are very hilarious), also the artworks and screenshots created from players are very cool.Análise em PortuguêsReview on PortugueseRESUMO: Insurgency é um jogo FPS (First-Person Shooter) tático com elementos que tendem para o realismo porém podem ser configurados para deixá-lo bem arcade (isso dependendo do servidor). Mesmo com o jogo não tendo uma campanha para ficar mais interessante, a sua proposta é exclusivamente focada para o cooperativo (contra Bots controlados por IA), e para o Multiplayer (contra inimigos reais). Ao entrar na partida, o jogador poderá escolher entre se unir ao time de Insurgentes ou ao time de Segurança, ambos possuem suas próprias classes, armas e customizações, mas mesmo assim, o jogo consegue manter um balanceamento muito bom durante a partida.GRÁFICOS: Em relação aos gráficos é possível afirmar que é impressionante ver como os desenvolvedores trabalharam para otimizá-los ao máximo, mesmo com muitos elementos presentes durante uma partida isso não o torna pesado de maneira alguma, se destacam por serem bem modelados e com um acabamento excelente, o detalhamento dos cenários e das armas também impressiona.SONS/ÁUDIOS: Outro extremo ponto positivo de Insurgency é a quantidade de riqueza e qualidade dos sons das armas, ambientes e explosões, é possível você se imergir totalmente ao jogo, por conta destes que o fazem parecer que realmente está em uma guerra, no Workshop também é possível você alterar alguns sons de armas, explosões, e outros efeitos para deixá-lo ainda mais real.PING/FPS: O jogo possui uma renderização muita boa a qual o faz ser possível de rodar mesmo em computadores menos potentes (se você consegue rodar CS:GO com gráficos baixos a 60 FPS, provavelmente conseguirá jogar Insurgency sem nenhum problema), e os servidores respondem muito bem, até 200 de ping é possível você jogar sem nem mesmo perceber diferença ou interferência durante sua gameplay.JOGABILIDADE: A jogabilidade do Insurgency é um pouco diferenciada e por conta de o jogo tender mais para o realismo ela se torna um pouco mais complicada do que outros jogos de FPS que estamos acostumados, sempre sendo muito fluída e respondendo bem aos comandos solicitados, caso você seja iniciante em jogos do gênero pode ser que passe dificuldade para conseguir ter uma resposta rápida contra os inimigos ou mesmo uma noção de cobertura avançada. Aos mais veteranos em jogos FPS posso ter certeza que Insurgency fará com que você se torne melhor em basicamente todos os outros FPS' que você joga ou já jogou, por conta da estratégia e velocidade de reação que é necessária durante a partida.Não consegui encontrar nenhum individuo trapaceando seja com programas maliciosos ou com bugs no próprio jogo.DESENVOLVEDORES: Ativos e atentos, a equipe de desenvolvimento do Insurgency é um exemplo, sempre buscam lhe ajudar com qualquer dúvida ou problema que você tenha no jogo, ao contrário de muitos outros jogos, a comunidade desenvolvedora de Insurgency tenta manter um contato forte com o público jogando até mesmo partidas juntos com outros jogadores, é possível contatá-los através da Steam caso necessite de algo, o que faz o atendimento ser muito mais rápido e fácil.COMUNIDADE: No sentido da comunidade de jogadores do Insurgency, eu não posso analisar em relação a servidores asiáticos, da Oceania ou africanos, porém a comunide americana (toda a América, não só EUA) e europeia é muito amigável e receptiva (além de muito engraçada, ALLAHU AKBAR), em nenhuma partida que joguei consegui testemunhar atos que prejudiquem o gameplay de outros (como abusar do canal de voz, canal de texto, ou matar a própria equipe com intenção). O jogo permite que a comunidade poste Mods na workshop para diversificar e deixar o jogo com maior estilo do jogador assim como preferir.
What more is there to say, other than little green men building rockets and flying them into SPACCCE!http://www.kerbalspaceprogram.comhttp://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/http://kerbalspaceport.com/
The ending was lacking it felt like there was no real finish and it was kinda half done and not really complete, but the rest of the game is pretty good even so the ending is a mayjor let down.
Do you have OCD?If you answered yes to any of these questions, then DustForce is probably the game for you
Para empezar, obtuve el juego cuando steam lo regalo, ya dicho eso, empezemos.No se si recomendar o no este juego, lo voy a dejar en si, pero si hubiese un intermedio, lo dejaria ahi.Vamos a ver los aspectos positvos:- Buena calidad, para ser que te corre en una pc con 2.5 gb de ram, con una placa de video malisima.- Dificultad ajustable (salvando "no mercy", esa me costo un huevo, y quede solo yo.).- "Modificacion" de armas ( En realidad, van mejorando/desbloqueandose cuando subis de nivel. ).- Justamente, el sistema de niveles.- La creacion de un sv es bastante rapida, ya sea online o offline.- El overdrill ( un secreto del juego ), que aunque sea dificil, vale la pena.- Los easter eggs.Ahora sigamos con los aspectos negativos:- Dlc: aca tengo varias cosas que decir sobre el dlc--- Sin el DLC tendremos solo 6 mapas jugables, estando los restantes bloqueados.--- Sin el DLC tendremos varias armas bloqueadas.--- Sin el DLC solo llegamos hasta el nivel 90- Si bien dije anteriormente que el DLC desbloquea algunos mapas, siguen siendo muy pocos, y al final termina volviendose monotono, ya que empieza a ser todo automatico- El sistema de mejoras te obliga a elegir que tipo de clase mejorar (Asalto, apoyo, y francotirador), haciendo que cuando lleges al nivel 90, no hayas mejorado todas las clases satisfactoriamente.- Que el modelo del jugador sea mas chico que los NPCS.Calificacion: - 6/10. (sin DLC)- 8/10  (con DLC)
so gud mang
Age of Wonders is a Great old school game that is still great now.
Esse Jogo cara,esse jogo é ♥♥♥♥ demais,jogabilidade exelente e divertida, muita variedade de armas armaduras e outros tipos de coisas para personalizar seu perssonagem.Recomendo muito esse jogo para pessoas que nem eu,que gostam de passar o tempo se divertindo...muito bom jogo...JOGUE!
Very Fun simulation chalenging but still very fun!
AMAZEBALLS!!!!!! End of story
Total War Shogun 2 is the pinnacle of the Total War series. The only problem I have with it is that it only has 2 player coop.
Mucha accion juegenlo
Its a pretty good game and the pvp is great if you love unbalanced pvp. Sooooo to win play a good character. #TacticalTrooperIsCoolestClass #NoblesseIsAlsoCoolAsWellAsInfinitySword
The Best game of all Time!
Bastion, just WOW.The story is well written, the graphics are the best I have seen for a platformer, and that soundtrack!The graphics just blow your mind, the vibrant colours and the detail are just breathtaking. Story is just so interesting and it makes you want to turn the page and read another! The music, well I listen to take soundtrack so often that I can just hear it when I sleep!I would recommend it to everyone and well its worth every penny!10/10
amazing game, shows great potential and is still very enjoyable to play, even though it's in its early stages.
Quick but immersive.
Really cool game
My first 'real' RPG and my introduction to the trilogy as a whole. Mass Effect 1 is an excellent game that's aged pretty well, though there are still some hiccups here and there.Pros:-An immersive story where most choices have long-standing consequences. These range from fairly obvious galactic-scale choices to something as seemingly inconsequential as chatting with a particular NPC. While not all of these are terribly important, it really gives a sense of connectivity between games. People don't just forget how you treated them in the past.-The planetary exploration system. While it's unfortunately coupled with the horrible Mako controls (talked about in more detail below), this is one often-derided part of the game that I actually enjoyed. By having a planet in nearly every system that you can get down and explore (rather than just scanning from your ship, as in later games) makes the galaxy seem that much more massive.-The universe itself. Like most Bioware RPGs, the universe of the game is incredibly fleshed out. You'll discover hundreds of 'codex entries', which are little articles which describe how things work in-universe. Everything from spaceship design, to FTL travel, to how certain aliens function is covered at some point or another. This is all optional, of course- you don't *have* to know any of it to play the game, but it really enhances the experience when you can see how much thought went into creating this world.Cons:-The inventory system is... not great. I've seen worse, even in AAA titles, but this one is pretty bad. Your inventory will quickly become cluttered with mostly useless junk, with only a few things worth keeping. This does a good job of fleshing out the world somewhat (most things have a small description or at least a logo, making the galaxy feel bigger), but at the cost of convenience. You practically have to micromanage your squadmate's armor and guns for the first half of the game or so. Once you get access to the really good stuff, everything else becomes pretty much obsolete. Credits become kind of superfulous at the end of the game as well- I maxed out my bank on my first run without even really trying.-The dreaded Mako. It's essentially an armored vehicle for planetary exploration. Sounds great, right? The problem is that the handling is utterly atrocious. The thing lumbers around like a drunken rhinocerous, until it gets stuck on a rock outcropping and flies halfway across the map. It's all right to drive on a flat surface, but most planets are at least somewhat mountainous. There are even a few that are almost nothing but hills. Once again, this adds character to the planets at the expense of gameplay. Everything else:-The combat's nothing special. Not bad, mind you, but it doesn't do a whole lot that's really unique. Third-person shooting from behind chest-high walls with some different powers to liven things up. These range from hacking robotic enemies or weapons to 'biotic' powers which are essentially Force moves. The AI for enemies can get a bit stupid at times with characters running straight into your ambushes. -The graphics are good. A lot of the planetary environments are still beautiful, but some of the characters can get off-model mid-cutscene which makes things pretty jarring. Overall, I'd rate this a solid 9/10. Good combat, if nothing new, coupled with a wonderfully rich environment, engaging characters, and long-lasting consequences that will follow you through the trilogy.
This game somehow makes me less interested to pre-order GTA V. I mean C'MON, you can't mass murdering ugly, noob alien ♥♥♥♥♥es with Matrix-like power along with alien guns while wearing colourful, gay-looking attire (a female attire I think) and listening to Aerosmith's I Dont Wanna Miss A Thing in the same time in GTA V. Right?10/10 would pile drive old lady again
good game if you like making the virtual money :Dgood mod support and good gameplay make for a fun game.only con i found was that having very large rooms with lots of servers made the game run ALOT slower. though you dont do this much.
It's good, enough said.
cool game
Really funny it's the only game my brother and I had to pause the game because we were laughing so hard.
yes i do high recommend this game
This game carries so much with it. The Comedy, Action, Drama and the unqiueness of the game world in general, is truely amazing. The sheer size of the game, and how many ways you can play it, overwhelms your mind. The Shooter-looter aspect of this game is probably the best shooter-looter aspect in any game that is currently out. I love Borderlands 2 and would recommend it to anyone looking for an excellent experince. I'm looking foward to what Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel holds for the community.
เป็นเกมที่มันมาก มีครบทั้งบู้และย่องเบา ตอนแรกๆก็ปล้นธรรมดาแต่พักหลังๆ เหมือนก่อการร้ายระดับชาติยังไงไม่รู้ : ) แนะนำเลยสำหรับคนไม่มีเกมเล่น ผมยังงงอยู่ว่า กุเล่นไปได้ไงว่ะ 4 5 ร้อยชั่วโมง แปลกนะไม่เชื่อลองดูได้แต่ผมอยากให้สร้างด่านเกี่ยวกับพวกวัตถุโบราณ พวกปล้นสุสาน ปล้นมัมมี่ น่าจะสนุกดีหวังเป็นอย่างยิ่งว่าทางทีมงานจะเก็บเอาไปพิจาณา(ไม่ต้องพิจารณาหลอกสร้างเลยสนุกแน่)
Four months later and 3-4 teams of people still can't fix this PoSA strong indication that no matter how much you tweak and optimize a broken game, it still remains broke.Shame on Rocksteady/WB/IG/whoever is responsible for such a monumental f*ck up.Will never buy another RS game after this debacle.
10/10 A Must Buy For All
This game is amazing, worth every cent.
one of the best free to play open world fps games i ever played
Amazing game to play with friends
JUST BUY IT
GET THIS GAME NOW! An immensely exciting game that will challenge you.10/10-IGNNo Water
Great Game, sadly a bit short but worth a play, very relaxing. i highly recommend playing. it is such value for moeny. one game everyone should play.
Bueno para empezar el juego es muy bueno en cuanto a lo que se espera, pero la optimizacion no es de lo mejor, lo cual lo mejoraran en el futuro. 100% recomendable si tienes buena pc
its pretty good leveling up survivors and killersrunning from a chainsaw manhating the sound of ding dong ding dong getting ♥♥♥♥♥♥ when u step in a beartrapand chasing survivorsyeah its a pretty good game
This game is in early access but already it is a lot of fun and well made. Keep at it devs this is great.
the game is so much better, especially with the revive thingthey should add it in normal play
One of the best games in the world!!! Can't wait until Civilization: Beyond Earth
jogo muito bem elaborado e bem dinamico lembra muito o minecraft mas claro focado no apocalipesse zombi (o melhor e jogar com os amigos)
More like "Lords of the it freezes on the intro videos"
This game is good fun, there are a few things that can be annoying, but you learn to get around them.As for the people that have issuses with Some of the merc perks like Naders Marty, your pretty stupid to run up to a Nadder you just downed and try to knife her...Earning Credits is alittle slow but Everyones gota make money some how atleast they let you try the mercs before you buy so you don\'t wast money or C on one that you don\'t like...It\'s a Team based game it\'s all and good to be "pro" but with out your team backing you, it\'s GG.I find the game really awesome even when my teams crying and ♥♥♥♥♥ing cause their losing.Spawn camping in this is BS people are just too stupid to take other routs from spawn.all in all 8\\10 game I\'d give it a ten if C was a bit more easy to earn, with out spending $4. :P
Good game but skin come look bad :(
this game is very fun, you can di whatever you like, have that be scared out of your pants by things people make up. or just screwing around in general. you can make your own unique inventions or use other poeples one and critizes/compliment them
So far my favorite game of all the games i have played. Great graphics, story, gameplay. All 3 things needed to create a great game! Much more, if you are a fan of open world games like me, this game is perfect as well by adding a large area, caves to explore, and missions to finish. Customization of your gear makes each fight unique too. From a super stealth gear like the bow, to an extreme killer like the AMR, there is barely anything to make thsi game better. Another addition to the game is the scene. Beautiful islands, waterfalls, mountains, it's really does give you the feeling of you being on a tropical island! Finally, the wildlife, there are various different types of animals seen on the game like crabs, turtles, tigers, leopards and the 2 most heart pounding animals, the crocodile and the shark. Nothing like this game, nothing to compare it to. Best...Game...Ever.
Not good.
the best game ive ever played, hands down
UMA BOSTA, MAS LEGAL, MUITO + MELHOR DE MUITOS JOGOS, MAS BOSTA, MAS LEGAL E RUIM PRA ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ PQP MAS É ♥♥♥♥ O JOGO MAS É RUIM E BOM
Game-play is pretty decent from what I tried of it, till the developers decided to add in a feature for server admins to check on VAC bans.In essence, if you got a VAC ban from any other game, do not buy this for the multiplayer. You will be unable to find ANY good servers to play on since they are almost all set to ban you. I am quite sure they should be required to put a disclaimer about this as it practically renders the multiplayer unplayable for people with VAC bans. This is also that most people would assume that a VAC ban would not affect another game as evidence by Valve own VAC FAQ stating that particular fact. So yes, if you like WW2 squad based tactical FPS, and a solid NO if you have a VAC ban of any sort. Wish I can get a refund for this now.
Good Graphic, Competitive Gameplay, And Many More. I Think Everyone Must Try This Game.
Trying to pop-up zombie's head n yeah this is a bloody/very good game that Valve made it so far...
great game, arguably best in then DOW II trilogy
this is like minecraft but in space. the game is really good. recommend it becouse you can build anything but it is still in alpha. 
Absolutely insane
This was the first game I preordered because I loved the fallout series's. Don't think I'm going to preorder any game ever again
To be honest with you...  I wish i didn`t buy this game
Really good multiplayer
A very good Space game havent played it too much only 12 hours but those 12 hours have flown by haveing geart fun playing strategy games fans should connider buying this game
As an aside I'm surprised this game has so many negative reviews. Honestly, Magicka 2 so far has been a great experience so far, though I am only up to the third chapter. This game continues on with the humor and chaos from the first game and even in single-player I haven't felt a death was unfair or unwarranted, even on the Hard difficulty. That said, I haven't played the hardest difficulty (Bananas) yet. That said, you will probably end up dying a lot if playing by yourself, as the enemies are tougher in this game.The only part about this game that I disliked is the fact that Steam and Ice are no longer their own elements, since the game is built on the same engine as Wizard Wars. However in my mind this is a small price to pay for a release that, so far, is no where near as riddled with bugs.While I have only unlocked a small number of them so far, the new artifacts system allows you to customise your gameplay experience. I foresee myself replaying Magicka 2 more than the first game because of this.TL;DR Magicka 2 is a great successor to an already great game. While it lacks a few things from the first game, the new additions more than make up for the losses.
sfxsfcx
Awesomenauts é um dos mobas que eu mais gosto.É o estilo comum,destrói torres,mata personagens,destrói o objetivo e ganha.É meio que um jogo de plataforma,misturado com vários elementos de mobas e alguns rpgs.Com alguns elementos únicos e personagens carismáticos,é uma boa iniciação para quem está começando em jogos do gênero e um jogo ótimo para quem já tá acostumado com o estilo.Os servidores não são ótimos,mas são bons,raramente tem algum lag,mas ouça o que eu dizer,quando tá lagado,é bem mais fácil você quitar e perder Pontos da liga,doque ficar aguentando um cara parado te matar e ficar teleportando.Os personagens são bem diferenciados e cada um tem skills,pulos e skins diferentes,além de musicas temas,Sem contar as DLCS que tem,muitas são boas mas só compre mesmo ou se gostar muito do jogo ou se tiver em promoção,além de algumas ser P2W.O design do jogo é muito lindo e bonito,uma coisa visual bonita de se ver.O jogo é constantemente atualizado e tem muito carinho dos desenvolvedores.Cada personagem tem upgrades únicos e gameplays diferenciados.Recomendo pra caramba esse jogo.
Exploration, customisation and beautiful scenary. Not many games can deliver all of these features in one, though The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim has done it.I highly recommend this game!
Reasons why I die 5%- enemies swarm and overwhelm me10%- failing to dodge a boss attack85%- fkin accidently rolling off a cliff Praise the Sun.
Trine3(D). If it wasn't called Trine, I'm sure reviews would be way more positve. The negative reviews seem more based on it being different to Trine1&2. This is really not a bad game at all. Hear me through...Firstly, play it with an Xbox controller if you have one. Game plays really well with it. The 3D concept is not too hard at all, is a nice twist on the previous incarnations (you can see they worked really hard to take the game to new heights, even if it misses a lot of the playability of the first two). I actually found the game too easy if anything.Pros: Graphics A++++, mostly good fun. Level editor. It's a cheap game (esp on sale).Cons: A little short (5-6 hours), missing level up RPG with character powers. Puzzles not up to T1/T2 (prob because characters are missing skills). Combat very simplistic. That ending?!
Unturned is a great game it's a mix of Minecraft and DayZ, It is a really fun game in single player but multi player is even better you can build things or you can be a murderer of zombies and people.Unturned is a great game and it is a great Free to play game.
Sean Murray, you are a scumbag. Don't buy this game.
Quite fun, one of the better MMOFPS out there and has a fairly balanced store system that is not a Pay To Win model. Lots of customisation and reasonable stats for weapons, though the grinding for weapons to rent for a day/week is somewhat a breaker of the game's fluidity. Well, now that is has been released on Steam, I expect there to be a rather large influx of players coming in and hopefully this is better for its community.Unfortunately, this game has been victim to quite a number of hacks and is easily exploitable - perhaps Nexon's BlackCiph3r and Hackshield have updated since I last played but I do recommend a try of it.
A great game for the imaginative minds of this world!
Malgré la quantité d'avis négatif sur ce jeu, je ne peut qu'applaudir le travail qui a été fait par Ubisoft au niveau des graphismes comme au niveau du gameplay. Beacoup n'aime pas ce jeu car ils ne peuvent le faire tourner sur le ordinateur ou à cause de crash répétitif. Depuis la dernière mise à jour, les nombreux crash ont été réctifié pour la pluparts. Deplus, je trouve normal que pour un jeu de cette qualitée, il faille-t-avoir un ordinateur correct (voir plus). Mon ordinateur est puissant, mais ce n'est pas le meilleur et pourtant, je fais tourner ACU en qualité élevé avec seulement quelques ralentissement au niveau des FPS. Pour les combat, généralement, je met en qualitée moyenne pour plus de fluidité. Certains sites ont été conçu pour améliorer vos FPS et empecher votre jeux de crash. Donc avant de le noter, commencer d'abord par tester complêtement le jeu, pas juste le lancer et publier un éval' négative juste à cause de problèmes de performance. Passons maintenant au jeu en lui même : Les graphismes sont un point important du jeu que je ne peut que remarquer malgré ma qualité graphique moyenne. La carte de Paris à été totalement reconstitué ainsi que les grands monument présent à l'époque (La cathédrale de Notre-Dame, le palais de Versaille, ect) qui ont été refait dans les moindres détails. Le système de coop est aussi un des points qui m'a le plus attiré dans ce jeu : la possibilité de faire les missions à plusieurs, de ce balader dans Paris avec ses potes. Ensuite il a le systeme des armes qui est une grande nouveautée. Nous ne sommes désormais plus limiter à une seul classe d'arme : nous pouvons utiliser une lance, une rapière, un fusil, une masse d'arme ou une hache. Le seul point encombrant est de devoir revenir à chaque fois sur le menu pour changer de style d'arme. En plus de pouvoir choisir entre plusieurs armes, la tenu est elle aussi modifiable, chaque élément rajoutant de la santé, de la portée ou de la discrétion. On peut aussi apprécier le systeme d'escalade qui a été remis à jour, nous permettant d'éviter plus facilement les obstacles de manière assez stylé. Les combats ont eux aussi été améliorer même si ils sont assez similaire à ceux de Assassin's creed Black Flag. Enfin, un des derniers points importants de ce jeu est le scénario qui me plait beaucoup pour le moment. N'ayant pas fini le jeu, je ne peux vous en expliquer les causes sans pouvoir vous spoïler.C'est pour ces multiples raisons que je trouve que Assassin's creed Unity est un bon jeu qui fait honneur à cette saga mythique.
Hells to the yes!
great game!!!
It Good game
better than the original
good
Remake doesn't disappoint.  Classic strategy that doesn't gimp on action.LOVE IT
The fish don't swim away 0/10 IGN
best ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game ever
GOOD GAME
its a 1000/10 for me this is a great game buy it if you have not
my wallet is empty now 2.49$/2.49$
GENIAL!!!
If u like the idea of stealing go on to the next level of theft: breaking into a bank and play it stealth or go loud either way are both fun and intreasting so buy it on discount
Its the only F2P game i play.
อยากเล่นจุง
This game is hard. It's a game you need dedication with and patience. It has truly stunning visuals and a great community. The game isn't just a pick up and go type, you have to really try and you will succeed! I remember getting my first few killstreaks and feeling like the champ, only to be slain from behind. It is an amazing game with more than enough servers, game modes, classes, weapons to keep you busy! Some times it can be a little buggy but others you have great matches with people (That I become close friends with!) and be busy chopping at them head!This game truly is an instant engravement into my heart.
they are a fantastic game they just seem to get better and better
sweetnur
A sci-fi Terraria with many innovative and unique features. Though still in an early stage, the game is incredibly fun and complex in a way that challenges the player without pushing them away. We can only imagine just how amazing the final product will be.
Awesome.
Possibly one of the most underrated open-world games out there, Sleeping Dogs excels in everything it does. Unlike most crime games, there is a focus on Arkham-style melee combat, inspired by almost every kung-fu movie under the sun. Driving is fun and has an arcade feel to it, while gunfights are exciting with the addition of bullet time when vaulting over objects. Add to all this the beautiful open-world of Hong Kong, a gripping story that is wonderfully acted, and some catchy songs on the radio, and you've got a game that simply cannot be missed.
The community is absolute cancer.
สนุกมาก
great game fun and action packed a must buy if you like fps and having some fun in altis life
Its a well balanced game, and easy to get into.
40 GB of addons,and increasing. Don't let the PC system requirements fool you.Corrected requirements:OS: Windows or LinuxProcessor: Anything recent could work (Core 2 quad with descent FPS)RAM: 4 GB minimum, more if you want to play other games at the same timeGPU: Anything recent could work (Geforce 210 with descent FPS)HDD: ~5 GB for base install, >20 GB if you are serious to play this game
GooD GamE
สนุกดี gg
this game is fun but what the fark happen??????? i just purchase this game today, and everything is fine, when i press ready, and the game start and while the game is loading this game AUTO CLOSE WITH NO REASON   , not crash, is not either not responding or stop working. Please help and fix this fasttt
This is a game that I would really, REALLY like to enjoy. I've installed and uninstalled it repeatedly, trying to get into it. There are SO many good ideas in here, but it's just TERRIBLY executed.Tile yields for cities seem to be completely random, with no bearing on the type of tile or any kind of visual cues to clue you in. You can't check what status effect icons mean in battle, which wouldn't be too bad except that each icon can mean multiple things, so good luck with that. Haven't been able to find a way to check a unit's range in a fight, either.It's a shame, because I love the way the overworld drops into the fights, which gives a double layer of strategy, plus the use of outposts to grab resources without having to start a whole new city if there's one spot you want to grab is something a lot Turn Based games could learn from.This is a perfect example that just having great ideas doesn't necessarily translate into a good finished product. Pretty much every issue this game has stems from an awful UI, which seems like it could have been solved with a little playtesting.Hoping to see another crack at it, in the meantime, Civ V is that-a-way.
The Survival game types are rare and boring, however this game gave me a 3 hours worth of fun! It was fun to see if you could survive the night. It updates frequently, somtimes every 15 days!   *Unlike Minecraft!*  10/10!  Amazing!!!
Good Game
Amazing mini games showing the capabilities of VR. definately grab it!
This is farrrrrr from a 'Simulator', it's more of a puzzle game.Find the fault based on a what the game tells you.Is it bad? No, just don't expect to be doing any actual work on cars, it's all 'remove and replace'.My advice would be to wait for a discount before buying it.
MT BOM BAIXEM
If you like Super Smash Bros, Megaman and making your own righteous murderbot using scrapped pieces of your mercilessly beaten foes, get this game. Now. I mean. If you want to. But you should want to get this game, because it's freaking awesome.
my old review was negative but after research it was a faulty gpu and my NEW system is amazing but supprisingly wont get 60 frames sometimes
Muy buen juego el gran juego que todos tienen y muchos quieren si quieren un muy buen shooter y gratuito, jueguen team fortress 2
A GAME THAT IS ALOT OF FUNwats more fun than space explorationand building ur own ships with programable systemsand even complex mechanical sytemsand thanks to a very large modding communitythe is no end to wat u can come up with :)
This is great FPS round based fun. Get it and join me online to fight the zed horde (undead)
I like the fact you can customise the difficulty
Buggy piece of ♥♥♥♥. Money grab made easy to mod so people can still enjoy it. ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s...
เกมนี้เป็นเกม survival ที่ดีมาก ผมเล่นมาแทบไม่มีบักระบบปืนทำออกมาได้ดี แต่กระสุนหายากระบบอาวุธมีให้ใช้หลายอย่างZombie เกมนี้โหดมากนอนแล้วยังมองเห็นยิง 1 นัด มาเป็นฝูง บางตัวฆ่ายากไปหน่อยระบบ Skill ใช้ exp มากไปหน่อย แต่อัพแล้วทำอะไรได้ง่ายขึ้นระบบ multiplayer ทำออกได้ไม่ดีเท่าไหร่ เล่น 4 คนก็ framerate ตกถึงขั้น lag ได้ จะมองเห็นชื่อเพื่อนต้องเข้ากลุ่มถึงจะเห็นระบบ crafting ดีมากเกมนี้แตกต่างจากเกม Zombie Survival อื่นคือโลกเป็นเหลี่ยมๆ มีรถให้ขับด้วยเป็นที่ดีมากแนะนำให้เล่น(ปล.เค้าว่ากันว่าคนพัฒนาเกมนี้อายุ 16 ปีคนเดียวด้วย ถ้าเจอบักก็ bug report คนพัฒนาจะได้แก้ให้)
Kind of buggy but i dont care,the game is still in early acess so suck it up AND ENJOY THE GAME
ENJOY THE GAME!!!
Pretty fun game if you know how to play Poker.
bit glitchy and it has a few bugs which makes the screen turn black, but other than that i got so scared at 8:30 in the morning. I love it
This review is going to be short just like the fun in this game. It's about 2 hours of messing around for no reason until you realise that $10 would have bought you a Fallout game that can generate hundreds of hours of entertainment. Just watch youtubers play the game and save your self some money and space.
10/10 Would Wasteland Again.
The best team shooter. Play it.
如果要同D3比較起上來 呢隻GAME就係唔同就係可以免錢玩, 就算唔洗錢都可以整到99.9%既ITEM..除左染料PVP PVE 本身一路改版系統變得更完善雖然一路有BUG ,要係咁hotfix係傳統但係呢D都唔重要, 最重要係隻GAME好方便玩家就時間又容易, 岩哂休閒玩家打起上來, 射起上黎又好玩過無雙玩潛行又得, 變相玩AC 同METAL GEAR遲D出埋gundam 版既Warframe可以係宇宙飛黎飛去開無雙 咁抵玩既GAME真係要玩玩 快D down 啦
best game ever
it has problems and i cant play  it and now im in depression mode
Panda Courier
Gamplay itself is pretty fun, this is a good game if you wanna chill out yet still have a bit of exitement, graphics are surprisingly good, this being said voice acting is 1/10 sounds like constipated batman.
♥♥♥♥ing space ninjasnuff said
ATTENTION 4K USERS ONLYDo not buy if you are running 4k. You will only see 1/4 of the screen. Review will change when/if this issue is fixed. Attempts to fix this issue through the steam version of TA wasn't possible. I recommend you buy through GoG as that version can be used to run in 4k with a patch.Aside from this issue, TA is an amazing game and one of the best RTS games available.Do not downvote this if you are not running 4K as this does not apply to you and this information is very useful to 4K users to save them time and money.
Great
really fun to play with friends
Legit 1337
This game is amazing loved the first game I personaly thought that they couldnt make the next game any better but Valve did it, It has good Graphics and amazing gameplay50/10
great game! lots of fun
Resumo:TiroTiroTiroCorreCorreGranadaFlashSmokeMorriTOP 10/10 BY - IGN
great game gets amazing after first boss the dlc is cruel as hell in beginning of dlc mission by taking all your stuff away weapons / upgrades ect but later gives it back and you forgive it. it a amazing game and i highly reccomend it.
mt bom
There is only ONE ♥♥♥♥ing problem with this game(well its not game itself), It\'s SQs Security System. If you play this game you may get the "suspicious activity restriction" Msg box when trying to log in, there are 3 ways to lift this restriction; Wait for it to lift itself(no idea how long) Reset your password (atm only viable method but not somthing i should have to be forced to do every ♥♥♥♥ing time i get this msg), or purchase and keyring/download a phone(my phone has downs) app that generates are secondary password consisting of random numbers(and letters i think). Now all i want to do is play this godly game. i bet by now you can see the problem. All it needs is a simple Email Verification consisting of a code so u can verify that it is infact YOU logging into YOUR account (exactly like GW2 with its IP Address change thingymajig) but apart from that, It\'s one of the best games i have every played. and i\'ve only played it 31 hours at the time of posting this :/
Just finished the game, and I don’t feel like I just beat a video game. I feel like I just returned home after running and hiding from a motherf*****g alien on a ship deep in space.This is not a video game, it’s an experience.PS: This game makes my nipples so hard they could cut through glass :[
fun
Glory to Arstotzka!!!
Really God If You Put In The Code OPERATIONMAPLELEAF Its Online
fun
Glory to Arstotzka!!!
Really God If You Put In The Code OPERATIONMAPLELEAF Its Online
love anything from ID Software... cool game & looking forward to Rage II
still the best!
“Counter-Strike: Global Offensive” é um excelente jogo de tiro em primeira pessoa. Quem se lembra do game dos meados dos anos 2000 vai se sentir em casa. É divertido relembrar mapas como Dust, Italy e Train e dá até uma vontade de chamar os amigos para jogar em casa.Mesmo assim, é um jogo que mostra sinais da idade: não foram feitas atualizações nem adicionadas novas mecânicas que justifiquem voltar ao game que, em sua essência, é o mesmo de anos atrás. Vale para quem está com saudades e quer variar um pouco da mesmice de jogar “Call of Duty”.• Pontos Positivos •Mecânica continua atual:Não há como negar: “Counter-Strike” é um jogo extremamente viciante. Mesmo quem se afastou do game - seja pelo motivo que for -, vai se sentir em casa. Afinal, pouco da mecânica foi alterado e o que mudou foi para deixar o game mais realista.Um desses exemplos é quando você usa o telescópio dos rifles de precisão, que deixa a tela um pouco embaçada quando o personagem se move.Mas há novidades também, como a interface de compra, que agora é circular - o que facilita e muito a navegação nas versões para consoles. Novas granadas também aparecem, como o coquetel molotov, que dá liberdade para criar estratégias diferentes. No final das contas, a mecânica de comprar armas em todos os rounds favorece quem joga com cautela e estrategicamente.A versão de PlayStation 3 tem ainda suporte para jogar com teclado e mouse, além do controles de PS Move. Já no X360 não existem tantas variações de controle (nem suporte ao Kinect) e o modo de chat em grupo é desativado – afinal isso poderia ser usado para trapaças, e “Counter-Strike” é um jogo que leva muito a sério a competitividade.Novos modos de jogo“Global Offensive” traz dois modos novos: o Arms Race e o Demolition. Mesmo sendo bem distintos, ambos compartilham de um descontraído espírito arcade e favorecem o confronto direto.Em Arms Race, o jogador ganha novas armas ao matar um adversário e passa por todas até chegar ao momento que se vê forçado a usar apenas a faca. São 26 armas no total e vence quem conseguir usar todas elas com sucesso ou quando o tempo se esgotar.Já em Demolition o esquema é o mesmo das missões de explosão, mas em cenários menores e com mais contato entre os times.  Além disso, o jogador só usa novas armas quando mata alguém do time adversário.Em todo caso, essas novas modalidades garantem um fôlego extra para quem é veterano e diversão imediata para quem ainda engatinha no game de tiro da Valve.Visual bonito"Counter-Strike: Global Offensive" é muito bonito. É até estranho dizer isso, tendo em vista que a Source Engine, uma ferramenta de 2004, já não faz gráficos tão elaborados como a CryEngine (de “FarCry 3”) ou a Frostbite 2 (de “Battlefield 3”). Cenários como Aztec ou Italy são bem detalhados e divertidos de serem revisitados.Existem efeitos de luz dinâmica e fumaça volumétrica que enchem os olhos e esse resultado pode ser obtido mesmo em computadores com placas mais populares – leia-se: não muito caras.Por outro lado, é notável a queda de  qualidade gráfica nos consoles, principalmente no PlayStation 3, que mostra texturas mais lavadas e com taxa de atualização em 30 quadros por segundo - uma qualidade bem abaixo do que estamos acostumados a ver em jogos atuais.• Pontos Negativos •Poucas novidadesFaltam bons motivos para justificar o retorno de "Counter-Strike". Por mais que bata a saudade de reunir amigos para um \'corujão\' em uma LAN House, fica a pergunta: por que jogar "Global Offensive"?As duas novas modalidades e os mapas inéditos não são motivos suficientes para voltar ao mundo de “Counter-Strike”.  O mais provável é que, a longo prazo, as pessoas continuem jogando o modo clássico de “Counter-Strike” e nos mesmos mapas de sempre (Aztec, Dust, Italy etc.) - e se divertindo como sempre aconteceu nas versões 1.6 e “Source”.A situação é ainda mais complicada para quem joga nos consoles que, além de não poder jogar os mapas criados pela comunidade, ainda corre o risco de ser abandonado pela Valve, como já aconteceu com as versões de “Team Fortress 2” para X360 e PS3.
Great game except since im a returning player every time I kill someone or I get a moab someone calls hacks, Seriously stop crying because someones better
this game ROCKS like hell it is awsome i like the trolls that do suff in the tf2 gaming :D but i hate the cheaters and hackers but still a fun game (p.s i hate scammers too BUT still a awsome game :D)
I just played dead by daylight2 secs in the killer was next to meI was like "just kill me" and walked into him but he did not kill mehe just keep walking to gens and let me fix them2 people where afk and one dcand I fixed 7 out of 5 gens, got both doors, ran in a figuer 8 to say bye (he did too) and walked out10/10 thanks man, if this game had ingame chat and I was streaming it would have been the best day ever
meh
I don't think I've ever felt so beautifully heartfelt as I did when I discovered just how beautiful this game is.Infinite space exploration and the ability to go at your own pace meant I could relax to this game into the early hours of the morning. Plus, the soundtrack made every minute worth playing.I've hit the point where I've done most of the stuff so far, and I'm eagerly awaiting to see what happens when this game comes out of early access.
um jogo de zumbi legal tirando os bugs. o jogo nâo é aquelas coisas mas se vc gosta de zumbis nossa esse é seu jogo.
Played Darude-Sandstom 10/10
nice game
All fun and what not but seriously, please implement a reconnect system so people won't be disappointed after disconnecting from a game
The game is too buggy and hard to play with the bugs.
Esse é um jogo muito bom que pra vc zerar vc tem que estar com a sanidade bem prejudicada
♥♥♥♥ me
You have a better chance of winning and having fun against spinbotters in Global Elite ELO than playing this game and having fun.
Это говорит как введение я сначала хотел бы сказать, что мне нравится дизайн Civilization 5, хотя я считаю это серьезно упрощенных вниз игра, до точки причем умственно отсталых маленький брат и его предшественники. Но это справедливо использовать такие резкие слова? Может быть, я должен прийти к миру с тем, что Civilization 5 раз не то же самое, что и другие игры, а в некоторых отношениях это действительно улучшалось. Несмотря на то, упрощенных вниз это не легкая игра, чтобы освоить, когда вы сталкиваетесь с человека игроков, которые работают с той же мета, как вы. Так что не получил скучно слишком быстро. "За Земля" сохранил лучшие из Civilization 5 (nonstackable единиц спорны) и добавил целое ведро добра, чтобы создать по-настоящему удивительную игру с атмосферой, которая ставит свой \u200b\u200bум в мире, в то время как сосредоточен на задаче, которая лежит перед вами: выжить на чужой мир. Я люблю добавление системы сродства, которые визуально выражает философию вы обнять, а значит, вы либо игру как полковник Quaritch, Робокоп или Рэй Курцвейл. Кроме того, вы можете выбрать добродетели разделены на мощи, процветания, знаний и промышленности (в основном разного рода системы социальной политики, но улучшилась, как это вознаграждает как beelining а также захватывая много Бони из одного раздела или объединения разделов, а также уровней .. . и так далее). Я бы пожелать "гибридных" сродства, которые позволяют охватить 2 основных сродством к спецподразделений, но я не вижу разработчиков делать это в ближайшее время. Можно еще принять 2 сродство, в редких случаях это даже окупается (например премьер-версию Aegis мех сродства чистоты [Человечество ♥♥♥♥ ДА!] Необходим 10 сродство чистоты и 3 превосходства сродство [сопротивление бесполезно, тщедушный meatbags!]. я узнал, что для единиц это платит, чтобы иметь до 5 уровней сродство вторичного близости, однако сродство влияния гораздо больше, чем просто единиц, так что мне придется экспериментировать вокруг немного. Я, например, любил идти Чистота в качестве основного сродства и превосходства, как мой вторичного сродства в моей первой игре. За Земля добавил квесты, лучше нейтральные городской государственной механики (так называемые станции предприятием), лучше варваров механики (б-но иностранцы не варвары! Они отличаются! Да они. Это делает его лучше, дорогой читатель. Это то, что я говорю о !), лучшие условия победы и он чувствует себя намного лучше записи можно историю будущего, вместо воспроизводя историю в самых нелепых способов (удаление содержимого диска древние египтяне, как Ганди!). И колонизация космоса! Разве что ничто? Последнее, но не менее выборе экипировки ваших колонистов: что является спонсором, оборудование и тип колонистов. Это очень большое дополнение, как это позволяет настроить стартовые условия в более уникальным способом, чем в Цивилизации 5, добавляет ощущение, что у вас есть больше контроля и права собственности на ваших колонистов и позволяет различные стратегии вместо. Мы увидим больше, чем пару жизнеспособных стратегий, которые будут значительно отличается от друг друга. Немного раздражает тот факт, что авторы не включают в себя Северную европейской расы. Конечно, русские европеоидного, но так некоторые из стран Северной Африки, строго говоря. Я буду играть с французами на данный момент. Что мне не хватает является членом одной из Северных, англосаксонской и германской расы. Вполне вероятно, они будут посылать людей в космос, хотя разработчик, возможно, хотели, чтобы Помимо этого личностей и фоне спонсоров не обращался ко мне. Они довольно мягкие человек. Это сказало, что позволяет игроку использовать его воображение больше. Тем не менее учитывая то, как конкретизированы персонажи, можно себе представить, чтобы они, по крайней мере немного интересно. Тем не менее, они не являются. Самый важный вопрос, однако, баланс. До сих пор я считаю, что все спонсоры имеют свои жизнеспособные способы работы хорошо, так как сейчас я думаю чтоFiraxis сделал это один хорошо. Должен ли я рекомендовать его? Да, я делаю. Атмосфера просто отличная. Стратегия жанр SciFi пошаговая вполне малонаселенной так что даже игра с некоторыми недостатками бы получить весьма положительный отзыв от меня. Я думаю, что за пределами Земли на самом деле зарабатывает хороший голос. Это на самом деле не захватывает дух игра, но в то время это выглядит как небольшой шаг для пошаговой жанре стратегии, это большой шаг от Цивилизации 5.
나는 신사다
This is ART! it was an amazing joy to play through with excellent sound design and stellar story portrayal, if your into a heartfelt story that never lets you go with unique yet simple puzzle elements along the way this game is sure to hit the spot
I love this game but everyone says the community in game is great but not with my experiences. 1: accidently clicked shoot instead of aim and killed a dude on my team then i imedeatly got shot in the head by a guy on my team then got rage in chat and i apologise and still get the hate!!!! 2: it was pretty recent, we were playing house we threw grenades mine happened to miss and landed by someones feet (idk how he didnt notice it) then a tem mates instant reaction is "im Glaz and i have an OP weapon" and shoots me in the friken head!!!! god dammit its so annoying because you have just lost one team mate so u instantly kill another one?????? smart very smart oh and btw we lost both of those matches. but yea i love this game and recomend it greatly!!!!
DO IT FOR THE VINE
The way the gameplay sets out is unique yet remincent to older retro games. Humour is to be had in the majority of the conversations, and rich with quirky tropes within the many NPCs. It calls into question old logic, while bringing its own chaos. The different guidelines in playthrough styles allows one to easily differentiate between the two, instead of just a touchup of color and a witty remark. Not only that, one is able to easily suit into a styling of their choosing, the passive being light-hearted and compassionate,  while the violent taking a frustrated and disconnected attitude (This could be seen negatively in the case of frustration, but meh. You'll deal with it)If you want to take a jab in the feels, I would recommend.If you want to embrace all the friends around you, I recommend.If you want to slaughter a land you know only a brief amount and the humourous inhabitants, I (reluctantly) recommend. (The killing part, not the recommend part)Though I must warn you...   You're in for a bad time. 
pretty badass if you ask me
best meme
O_O
Easily the most addicting and downright loony first-person shooter I have ever played. 900 Hours, and I'm still not bored. Just play it.
This game is... disturbing. Just getting it out now. However, this game will keep you hooked for many hours. It's quite challenging, but don't let dying over and over throw you off. This game is quite rougelike, with the randomly generated floors. The powerups vary from a laser that replaces your main projectile, your own tears, to using your own urine as a weapon (which is one of the worst items in the game). The game is great, but if you aren't sure about the game being on Flash, maybe you should wait for the remake. This game is one of the best games i've played in years, and at $5 it's an absolute bargain.
But my computer only has one slot :(
If you like things that go boom and like your freinds going boom jc2 is for you
*Jumps Over Obstacle* "YUUUUUUUUUUUUUUS I FINALLY DID IT!!!!!!!!!" *Runs Into Spikes*            RIP FINLAY ANDERSON DIED FROM RAGE SUICIDE
Never have I experienced such grace and beauty from a video game. The action, thrills and comedy instilled in this work of art is just too much for someone to experience within even hours of playing. Absolute joy and happiness is brought forth by this work of art. I can't go on, i must return to the Mountain. 10/10 would become a mountain again.
This game is so crap you can't stop playing it.
Don\'t mistake this game for an FPS, some people enter into this game expecting COD ...it\'s not. ARMA is a full battlefield simulator which it does well at. In ARMA you\'re not meant to feel invincible, if you don\'t take cover you\'ll die, if you don\'t communicate with your squad you\'ll die. It has an insane learning curve that will take most people a long time to get used to, but only makes it very satisfying once you finally figure out how to fly or use artillery or...anything. The complicated controls at first can seem annoying but once you\'re used to them you\'ll be grateful you can stick your head up just enough to see an enemy out of a window without exposing your whole body.The games mod-ability makes it possible to play an infinite array of game modes making it difficult to get truly boring. While there is a battlefield like mod called king of the hill the size of the maps alone makes the game vastly more complex and that\'s saying nothing of the array of vehicles that can completely alter the game from just one player knowing how to fly or range a sniper rifle. Unfortunately the ARMA engine is well known for how glitchy it can get, Most of this has been ironed out and the presence of hackers ruining servers has been greatly reduced since early access. At times clipping through a wall or falling through the floor of a building still happens but it\'s not so common that it ruins things.At the end of the day the game requires being patient and on your toes while communicating what you see with teammates. The different mods and game modes give the game infinite potential but the glitches can create issues sometimes. ARMA 3 is a military sim not "insert FPS here" don\'t get attached to scores and if you find yourself complaining over global that someone using a plane is "cheap" or a "noob"  close the game and reevaluate who you want to be in life.
Nice game, good graphics, not to demanding on the fps (Trust me, I know).I haven't played for long but it looks amazing so far!
STILL AMAZING 3 YEARS LATER!!!!!!!!!!!!
Good Game
unless you have hours on end to play you are not really going to do to much in fact in 3 hours the best thing i made was a half heilcopter half chair thing which din't evnt work.Meh not really worth any thing more than $1.00
If you like ninjas who go on awesome missons? This is the game for you...
its good
lol
This game is more sexual than GTAV. 10/10
preddy ♥♥♥♥
เล่นแล้วอาจจะเครียดหน่อยแต่สนุกสุดๆเลยละนะ
I like it when Becky Brightly turns into a furry.
One of the best games ever
Gets new updates reasonably frequently, constantly challenging, frequently maddening.
Great game. The single-player campaign leaves a lot to be desired for.The introduction of "Squads" to Multiplayer allows for a more customisable feel towards online play styles. The abilities to customise your online character, as well as create a full team of AI players is a well-designed concept.
Highly recommend
This is (shall i say it) the best Free-to-Play game on Steam. Yeah, yeah Dota 2 is very nice and it (maybe) has an equal amount of players on Steam. Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is not Free-to-Play. I wouldn\'t say not to play them, but Team Fortress 2 is a good game to start your Steam experience. Team Fortress 2 is like practice for Counter-Strike: Global Offensive in a way that they are both shooter games. Team Fortress 2 also has as many players as Dota 2. There is a famous quote that says "The more, the merrier", right? This game supports that statement. There are a very small amount of empty servers every now and then, but there is always a server that is full (even during midnight!).          To conclude this review, I would like to say thanks to Gaben and more power to Team Fortress 2!-Fissure.Ko (Chris)
能中文化就太好了
There is not alot of levels, but they definetly have a replay value.
ODP is fun... at first.   My issues with it are:1.  Targetting seems random.  With no controller support, you use the arrow keys to shoot.  Shots go everywhere.  Shooting right, the shot can go up to 25 degrees off course.  This can be very frustrating.2.  It's perma-death.  That in itself wouldn't be an issue if the game wasn't tough.  Compounded with issue #1 above.3. There is no item reference, or log when you're in-game.  When you grab an item the description flies by way too fast.  I still don't know what the eraser does!YMMV but I find this game to be more annoying then fun.  It would be a few really easy fixes (and maybe a few harder ones... controller support would be good), but as it is now, I doubt I'll play it again.
Had me scared to death in 10 minutes, effective at horror.Definitly play if you're into that stuff.
bored out of your mind? go to dota the game that in my mind has the best replay value of anyother game. the game is difficult and tricky to master but always fun with over 100 heros to chose from whats not to love? the game is the sequil to DotA the first moba game modded off of warcraft3 and is a must have for any moba lover looking for a challenge and some fun. there are also collectiable items in dota to make you heros and other things look the way you want with new community submitted items being made every day one can collect items like others collect stamps or other things. personaly i think this moba game is the best of its kind and maby one of the best games ever. (by that i mean top 10) also side note those who say LOL is better or say i should try it all i can say is been there, done that, never again ;)
An amazingly fun game and a worthy successor to the series. I find you need the Gods and Kings and Brave New World though. Without them it gets a bit boring after a while. BUY THIS GAME!!!!
It's gud!
Very good game I recommend it You dont need many other games to play it only  a choice between two You can do almost anything like getting  a gun to explode a npc
Highly Recommened. Great game... Fun game....Just upgrade your dubstep gun to max and ur good....best gun ever
dont get it on PC, it is literaly unplayable for me, and even if you get it to work, you need to dowload mods. This game does not deserve your money
awesome game just needs better way to join friends
Muito bugado , mas a historia é boa
The game is great I would rate 6/10. Until all the bugs are ironed out. I do lag a lot though. I wish this game had a few less bugs and was less intense on my PC. I do still love the game and it still shows hope. If you are going to buy this game remember to be an active member of the community as updates and bugs (TONNES AND TONNES OF BUGS) need to be reported to the devs. Still a good game!!I woke up, ate breakfast, got ready and then left to run around with savage zombies who don't know how to climb stairs, open doors or turn on laptops. Then I got home from school and did it again
SCARY
SCARY
OMG BESTEST GAME ON THE INTERWEBS
good
AWESOME
THIS GAME IS AWESOME, U HAVE TO GET IT
A 4X in real time? It can be done!
Good game overall. Finally can customize my deck how I like it rather than being constricted to the sets of cards like in previous MTG games on steam. It's also free to play, with a fair f2p model. Will continue playing this one.
Still rocking in 2k16.
ggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg
Portugues Brazil:Ele é realmente um bom jogo só que falta algo mais como uma diversidade maior de mapas uma melhor customização e deveriam adcionar caixas para você abrir e ter a chance de ganhar algo raro. e adicionarem intefaces em linguas da america do sulEnglish:It is really a good game just missing something more like a greater diversity of maps better customization and should later add boxes to open and you get a chance to win rare. and add intefaces in south america of languages
I crafted a crime-free completley equal society with the best education avaliable, and was assasinated by capitalists. 10/10
'MERICA!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Eerily silent but full of words of sounds and motions. A work of art. (Literally)
vaejbgvavbuxvbajdvbafd vaejv HO MY GOD THIS IS TH BEST GAME EVER 
Would play this game again after sleeping. 10/10.
This game seems breathtaking. Shame I can't play it because of the downed Ubisoft servers.
Awesome game highly recommended to get. Love it
Too good...
Shut Ur Heart Plz
i love this game it has lots of different gamemodes on it with the most popular to be ttt (trouble in terriorist town) so plz get this game i would love to play with u.
fun to speedrun
Not bad, but not great. There just isn't anything to do, and after a while it's just boring and monotonous.
Absolutely great game if you're interested in this kinda genre. Fantastic storyline. If you're thinking about getting this game you should and hopefully you enjoy it as much as I did.
Interesting enough to try out the mechanics, like the variety of characters. However, no Aussie games going on that I can see with decent ping. Can't play a twitch game with this latency.Worth a look but sadly, not really feasible except for LAN.
This is easily one of the best games I have purchased. I reccomend it to everyone; except people that hate the following: losing, feeders, Russians, the Chinese, people that think they're better than they are, people who think they're worse than they are, 10 hour downloads, good grades, an education, spare time, friends, girlfriends, other people, bad games, good games, exercise, social situations, supports that feed, carries that feed, overpowered carries, noobs on your team, pros not on your team, Pyrion Flax, absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, and getting completely stuck for over five seconds whilst being beaten to death by a supremely overpowered carry that doesn't even have a face.10/10 would download again.
Such an awesomely simple idea but fiendishly challenging puzzles.  A wonderful puzzle game for this day and age.
mad game
for the love of god overkill. you thought it was a good idea to release a Goat Simulator DLC? Jesus Christ the Goat Simulator DLC cost more than the base game an excellent game but all the developers care about is money
myyyyyyyyy ♥♥♥♥♥
shido
you need a password
fun
É BOM PRA CARAIO
Great game, great to play with friends!
Great Manys Years of making MANY! 
This Game is hilarious and fun so many things to do.Generaly Awesome
Recomendo melhor jogo de aviao desta geraçao!
跟基友一起玩真是非常的爽。
really good game better then most of the CoD`s
I can almost guarantee you; you won't find a better city builder out there. Note: In my experience, it is best to avoid using dams. At all. Unless you plan on flooding your city, in which case go for it.
Great game in every way
Simplismente O Melhor Jogo Do Mundo.
i r8 9/11 alluah ackbar
WHY IS THE BOTS SO ♥♥♥♥ING HARD!
It is very nice but well its not worth the money.TBH it rarely works on my system and so many complains from my friends.Also it kinda sucks if you don't have friends.Anyway if you have a good com and a lot of friends you should get this game when there are more patches that make the game worth while or wait till the full game is out and get it on a cheap sale.
this game is a great MMO RPG for peopple who like to battle, explore and gear up with thier friends. its a great game and its free! So no need for payment just download and start. When i first played this i was impressed by the amount  of people playing. it also has many different playing styles and ways to explore with friends! I personally think this is a great game for the one who like to explore with friends and strangers.
LISA is definitely an amazing experience with rich story and gameplay despite being made in RPGMaker. The combat is interesting and challenging, characters are memorable and complex, and with enough in the game to make you want to replay the whole thing. This is no doubt my favourite game of 2014.The game constantly throws moral choices which effect the gameplay pretty significantly, and with death very real within the combat system it always keeps you attached to your party members. Although the story is very unique and might not be for everyone, it's deep and full of backstory if you enjoy discovering things on your second or even third playthrough.I recommend this game for anyone who enjoys turn-based strategies or difficult games.
Best game to just pick up and play!
very good sniping game good for sniper skill testing
Basically, x10 , saxton hale and alot of crazy ♥♥♥♥
This partial roguelike game is an interesting take on the genre. The feeling of commanding a crew and diverting power to different parts of the ship gives this game an awesome feature. Its challenging enough to be rewarding when you finally defeat that damned flagship.Thumbs up, a definite must have.
such meme
Mount and Blade Warband is easily the most fun I've ever had in a video game. The pure amount of content and design, especially for a game as old as it is, is delightfully abundunt and results in hours of conquering, raiding, and slaying foes. And marrying. And fighting in tournaments. Only the stuff a true Calradian warrior would do and then some. Also the looters and raiders have the best one liners in the history of video games. All in all a great purchase. Would recommend 10/10
Good Counter Strike game. This is a great latest version of the original, it has some of the older maps and some new maps which are very well made. Some of the operation maps may be lag but the stuff I get is good.P.S I have a clan for it.
I love this game because somehow the grinding doesn't feel so grindy. It's got a bucketload of charm and an even bigger bucketload of replay value!
Much good 10/10
Beautiful game, would happily spen thousands of $
the best game ever!cause in gmod you can do everything what you want!!!and with addons like wiremod and acf the gameplay becoome better and better!
This is the best RPG ever.
Ruined my life. And my Wallet 10/10Wait... I Don't have wallet c:
It's ok but it could be better.
lel
This game is a very dynamic, fast paced fighter with plenty of fun challenges. It has a well constructed campaign (better than that of any other fighter) and an easy to fun to use combt system. Some heroes were a little bit of a let down to play while others were just an utter joy. The super moves are AMAZING!
best game is gud
It is a mature game of lying and mystery >;3It features a variety of games modes and roles constantly being added and staying strong!It also includes a variety of features such as night immunity for some roles.I highly recommend this game for everyone who can speak/type english :PGood luck with your games of neverending entertainment.(This game can be bought on steam for $10 or play for free on browser)
This game is disapointing in that, while it promises a authentic ww2 era sniper gameplay, instead what it gives you is a broken mess of a game with broken ai, flawed stealth mechanics and a disapointing story.However the bullet camera is impressive and the graphics look fairly good, however i believe they can not compensate for the underlying flaws this game possesses.Buy sniper elite 3 instead
This game is disapointing in that, while it promises a authentic ww2 era sniper gameplay, instead what it gives you is a broken mess of a game with broken ai, flawed stealth mechanics and a disapointing story.However the bullet camera is impressive and the graphics look fairly good, however i believe they can not compensate for the underlying flaws this game possesses.Buy sniper elite 3 instead
absolutley amazing, 10/10
it did not live to its brothers flatout 1,2 and ucin graphics and storyline it was just terrible
Best fn game unless your ♥♥♥♥ like Juan then you won't like it
Welcome to a revolutionary FPS, with graphics that inspiried 2007 runescape, to rpg elements that had never been thought about before, this game has it all! Remember how half life 1 and 2 changed how we play fps. SS2 did that before they were released. Music is hip, and there are no quest markers = you have to find out what the ♥♥♥♥ you are doing, how to do it and how to get the ♥♥♥♥ back so you don't die. 9.9/10 IGN
My friends suck. 10 minutes into the game two of my characters have been killed. One of them was 0 years old.
Dis sum g00d ♥♥♥♥
My most liked game ever, better than any of the other fallout games by far :)
Lags on high end PC even on low settings. Gameplay is smooth and well developed but the respawning system like in Insurgency is ♥♥♥♥ing frustrating and unoriginally irritating.
nice game
Gr8 m8
Disappointing coming from Paradox. The game is just a chore in the end
มั่วดี555 สัส เบื่อชิปหาย ควยขอคืนเงินก็ไม่ได้เสือกซื้อแบบ Gift เกี่ยวไร555
its a very nice
Like a Cards Against Humanity game with more mileage because the answers always change. This game is pure gold with friends & some drinks. :)
Gets old fast. Not worth $10.
Great variety of maps including: de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2 and de_dust2Thank you Gaben 10/10 better than real life.
Awesome game!
Killed someone with a peice of ham 10/10
Awesome game but much more fun if you have friends around to play it with8/10
Behemoth's Second game and its biggest hit!if you haven't played it your missing out
A Hideo Kojima's masterpiece. GG Konami. Better start investing in your pachinko.
A fun, survival, strategy game which needs your survival instincts to survive everything from creatures, nature, people and yourself as you fight for survival.
I don\'t see how people think this game is decent.I don\'t know why people compare it to ground-breaking zombie titles like Killing Floor or L4D2.It\'s just another gamemode. A Garry\'s Mod gamemode. And besides, what\'s the point of having an "armoured" zombie when the regular AI can survive two point-blank shotgun blasts? It\'s pointless, really.-Make damage factors more realistic-Use better zombie models-Add more types of zombies-Remove the "1 minute standstill" kick-Add more maps.
Contagion is a game that is fun and entertaining when you play with friends. There is a few problems that i recommend you fix. The melee weapons in this game need to be more powerful, I know you probably will already be doing this, but please make it where you can sever limbs and have critical hits. The zombie animations are a little buggy, and will dissapear for no reason. I hope you read this a have a nice day.
There is one problem with it, if you don't have a TITAN or TITAN Black it will lag the ♥♥♥♥ out
An amazeing story and a very well crafted game.Best i have played in a long while 10/10
Great sci fi realistic game with action and adventure
Very nice and relaxing game with a nice story!
BEST GAME EVER. BEST MULTIPLAYER SETTING FOR THE STAR WARS UNVIERSE.
Got scared by a door that turned red then started spazzing out, then the game proceeded to shake and i cried then quit the game.10/10would recommend
This game is another classic of my childhood. Something that is enjoyable to this day. The music is like the original Rome: Total War as the music changes to match the current situation. Such a game like this should be praised for it's gameplay despite it's old graphics.
Lots of Team, lots of Fortress. 10/10. Would play again.
this is an awesome game definitly buy it, it will blow your brain to the mun and back literaly
This is a great game
Bao para caleo
fui banido sem motivo nenhum!!!!!
10/10 flappy-bird-level-creator 2015 would lose faith in humanity again
No tiene muchos niveles, pero es muy pero muy adictivo
I don't understand this game.Maybe if you gave it a look yourself, you might find meaning or understand some message that I can't see.
Ok here's my reveiw for this game/standalone mod for Hl2:Pros:the game can be used for many things, such as modelling, stop-motion animation, firefights, pictures/art and buildingThe game also has a wide range of 'Minigames' withing the games multiplayer servers, these range from sandbox mode to Hide and seek.The game is highly moddable, it has a community following of modders/porters for multiple games, For example you can spawn in a W.A.C Plane (A type of mod that adds planes/helicopters) and gun down some poor innocent covenant elites from Halo.Cons:The game does offer very little in vanilla content, but thats not the important part, (its almost nit-picking!)The game REQURES other games such as CS:S For most of the community mods, This can be annoying.But overall, I'd give it a 10/10
asco de juego
추천
A completely bug free game, with a relaxing calm and quite beautiful animation contrasted by the difficulty of the non saveable story mode. If you like challenges, this is the game for you.
best "naked murderer with a rock" simulator of the generation
Well, after reading few reviews regarding this game, frankly, I didn't have high expectations. Nor did I get them to be honest. Sniper Elite Nazi Zombie Army is a standalone version of a Sniper Elite v2, and as most of the games futuring zombies, this game is meant to be coop. It's way more interesting playing in 4 characters, rather than playing alone as game tends to get frustrating if you are playing it solo. The difficulties are hard, but what this game wants from you is to make tactic for each level that will determin on if you are gonna succeed or not. Of course, upon playing with your friends, the enemies are stronger, and you have to apply different attitude towards threats. Anyway, I would recommend this game if you have even one friend to play it with, but if you have more, it's always better. Sniper Elite Nazi Zombie Army is what I think Call of Duty Zombies mode should've been, with this fluid campaign.7/10
I don't really write reviews but when i got this game a few years back, i was hooked. 100000000000/10. You do things other games are so scared to do.
AWESOME GAME GOTTA GET IT:D
This game is amazing, although the story is a bit short, but that is made up in free-roam around Gotham city. You can drive in and out of the Batcave in free roam, as well as the the enterance for the Batboat and Batwing. I love everything except a couple annoying little things. It is always night and raining. This is exactly how i thought Gotham would look, but it gets a little annoying after a while. LEGO needed to make a daytime option for the game. The flying controls are a little frustrating, but i found myself not flying that much. There aren't a huge amount of characters, but you just have to make do with what you get. Green Lantern was the most dissappointing as you can't make anything with his ring, except for certain points in levels. And once you complete the game, there are some constructs that you can make that stretch all over Gotham. I found this really annoying as when you were driving you would have to doge them as it would sometimes flip your car/bike. One of the most annoying problems was that there were no steam achievements, so once you fully completed the game, there were no steam achevements to do. It sounds like this game is really bad, but i just pointed out the main problems with it, everything else is great.I highly recommend this game.Score: 8.5/10
Loved it, the challenge of this game will keep ypu coming back for more
pre good
The following is my experience with Darkest Dungeon:MISS. MISS. DODGE. MISS. RESIST. MISS. DODGE. DODGE. RESIST. MISS. DODGE. SQUAD WIPED. BREAK KEYBOARD. CONSIDER SUICIDE.
Bought it cause it was on sale started it up just to see what it was like ended up playing it for 4 hours straight
Dis game
How do you turn off friendly fire?You can't.Oops!  I'll res you after I finish looting your weapons.Fun for both co-op and PvP.
I rage quit before I got to the character customization screen,10/10 would play again.
this game rocks
This game isn't fun anymore, its just hackers, smurfs, boosters and trolls (at least in Australia), I wouldn't recommend anyone to play this game, I've played 300+ hours and have hated the last week of playing it. If you do decide to play this game, be prepared to lose to smurfs, hackers and deranking teammates. Worst Community 10/10
Finally finished the game after a year...I made a faction of warlords went around destroying the enemies of the Nords... had the Nords fight all the factions at once. Got them all to sign a peace treaty build up a army took over a castle and then I made the Nord faction rule the world.. got married to the jarl's daughter and the only war that did happen was a bandit war!... Gameplay is outstanding 10/10. I would of liked it if there was a conquest mode in muliplayer so loads of people could take over parts of the map.... Other then that is a great game and the mods are awesome and fun to play. This game is worth getting!
Take Far Cry Blood Dragon and put it in a movieI don't need to say any more
lols
que puedo decir? genial, no hay sentimiento mas grande que hacer la escultura que tanto querias en sandbox, matar al terrorista nada mas empieze la partida en Trouble in Terrorist Town, que encontrar el lugar perfecto y que cuando queden 10 segundos te maten en Prop Hunt, que te traten de asesino y traten de matarte en Murderer, y aun tengo mas para decir
I used to play Team Fortress 2 like you, but then I took an arrow to the area between my head and my shoulder10/10
ยอมรับเลยเกมนี้ลดโหดมาก ที่ทั้ง 3 ภาค แถม DLC ครบอีกทีแรกผมนึกว่าจะไม่ได้เกมนี้มาอยู่ในคลังแน่นอน แต่ตอนนี้ผมจัดมาเรียบร้อยแล้ว ให้ 10/10 เลยครัช
A boring and somewhat pretentious museum that thinks that flowery pose equals depth. It has some stunning moments, and the music is fantastic, but the user interaction seems so pointless and inconsequential that you really feel like you're just swimming through the game's ego. Excellently made, but not at all fun to play.
allmost 1k houres... time for a review i guess.Welp ♥♥♥♥ this game.if your someone like me all you need is a mate to play because if not you are ether gonna be talking by your self.Or w/ flaming russian cause you like to talk utter ♥♥♥♥ cause your a sik lad ehh? no? every one closed there tab? ffs.Ok so there is the negitive list from russia- there is only russian players in custom gamesAnd there is the positive side to the pinoys [only real reason im still 1k mmr]- fun to play-never gets old-you can find new friends-you can lose ♥♥♥♥♥♥ friends-you have an excuse for removing one of your friends to add another-you have a reason to wright random ♥♥♥♥ in a review box-a game that you can take ♥♥♥♥ apon-pinoys-flaiming russians-kid in the back is now taking shot's-30 mins later he comes back lvl 1 and 1v5's -more flaim for pudge's sake-♥♥♥♥ talkers [i put this in pos cause i take the compleat ♥♥♥♥ out of em]-Memmorys-a addiction so you can never sleep-the kid in the back finnished his shots- your still reading- i take pitty into your life-how much ♥♥♥♥ing spare time do you have?Nah finnished w/ the ♥♥♥♥ talkGames fun, Russians Fun, Pinoys... Go ♥♥♥♥ your self, feeders funk im finno but realyit is a good game and realy makes a good competitive community, the actions on 1 player on 1 time can make the game go a in a teams way like a landslide like the es blink 30mill rthere was 2 teams 1 w/ es and aathe score looked somewhat like this            ♥♥♥ boyz/es          affter affects           ♥♥♥ boyz\\esso when you play, whach the enemy pudge try to be dendi even thoe he cant even hit a creepRemember Just Set pinoys on fire, what i mean by that is flame the living ♥♥♥♥ out of them and go all key board warrior on them.almost like this
best uninstall simulator 2021wont let me movechanges my controls to ♥♥♥♥ onestutorial is ♥♥♥♥ing horrible wont let me join any games 666/911DO NOT INSTALL
an extremely good game
Solid
I stopped playing this cos the Aussie govt banned the uncensored versionRecently I found that somehow there is a patch that enables me to play it online with full goreIm back and soaked in the blood of my enemies as it should always have been
I could never get into Dwarf Fortress because of the interface & because I don't have as much time on my hands as I'd like. Gnomoria has enough content for a filthy casual like me to be able to pick up & tinker with, without squinting at a ton of ASCII screens or fiddling with mods to enhance the graphics.The Gnomoria art style could be considered basic, but I like the look of it and it does the job.Being time-light, I need a game I can pick up & play straight off, and you can do that to a certain extent in Gnomoria but your little kingdom won't last long. It really could do with a tutorial mode, but the game is Early Access, and as the devs are patching and adding content it would probably make a tutorial a bit of a pain to implement. Maybe some popup gameplay tips could be implemented instead?TL;DR - Simplified version of Dwarf Fortress. If you ike the idea of that, take a punt.I give it 4 out of 5 yak skulls.
かわいい猫！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！--------------------------------------------I finally can die as a happy person :)12/1 Best VN of all time
This is an extremely good game with fast-paced action. Plus it's FREE! no catches.
nao joga essa ♥♥♥♥♥ pq nem login da pra intende nessa ♥♥♥♥♥ vai se fude filho da ♥♥♥♥ q invento essa ♥♥♥♥♥ de jogo ♥♥♥♥♥ do ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
While the graphics may seem dated (the game came out in 1998), Half-Life is a very fun and intense game filled with action, mystery and scares.If you like to run-and-gun or if you're more of a relaxed player, Half-Life is a great game for anyone.Half-Life: Game of the Year, 1998
Absolutely wonderful game that challenges your moral fibre as you must decide what's right and wrong, I highly recommend this game especially if you enjoyed the walking dead game.
kvalitni strategie ktera procvici sedou kuru mozkovou
It good.
its a very funny game
Great platforming game for those who have played and loved Limbo.
This DLC is great! My favourite heist brought to the second game for starters, a fun little melee weapon, a nice enough grenade launcher, free to buyers of the original DLC.. Looking good-- Wait. What's this? No Bodhi's Pool Repair uniforms? I'm sorry, Overkill... You were so close too...
This Game is Amazing
This game has the potential to be great yet does need some inprovements but it always and will be awesome but still when you play (SPOILER ALERT) mannup mode be careful of the annoyences of other players on your team (who cares about the robots)
Saw a man with boots Killed a man for  boots1v1ed a dragon No longer had bootsboots/10
good game
This game looks simple but awesome.... worth it !!
I found a rainbow rodent and tried to commune with me. I then refunded the game and Bought Starpoint Gemini 2 with the money becuase it was on sale for $10, Starpoint Gemini 2 is a space trading and combat game, think Elite or EVE. You fly around a vast galaxy, smaller than in EVE or Elite though, doing missions, trading, mining, bounty hunting, etc. Captain your ship and level your captain in a RPG-like fashion. I turned to SG2 for that EVE Online fix. I would call it a simplistic EVE, but it's still very good to scratch that EVE itch. You can forget about the RPG system, it's so simplistic, but the rest is a full fledged space game. The game's looks take a little getting used to, coming from sharp and shiny EVE or Elite gfx, but after a while it grows on you and flying around the galaxy is as fun as usual.Getting through the story and all dlcs can take about 50 hrs, then there's some additional hrs if you want to replay SG story in SG2 engine, and then there is freeroam. Freeroam will not be so fun after completing everything as your ship will obliterate everything that the game throws at you, but still, 50-70hrs of game time looks quite amazing considering you can get this on sale.I liked:* quite a large map* lots of different ships* large amount of weapons and enhancements* flying in space shooting / trading / uncovering stuff!I disliked:* capturing ships is the only way to go if you want to make big bucksGet this:* if you're looking for EVE Offline and don't mind simpler experience* if you want to fly in space and pew pew stuffDon't get this:* if you're looking for complex space simReview by http://steamcommunity.com/id/rmzfm/P.S: Don't by Major/Minor unless you want to know what 12 guage tastes like.
i like this game but i think it needs more meshens with farming and forstry like diggers and that you can enter the house and costmise it with that sovels and that you can do pipeps and dig dirt with MORE TRUCKS
uti irs amzaingà
11 out of 10
Great game!
Its a awesome games i keep getting lots of good loots and i will player everyday :D
Bloody Hilarious!!So much fun!Now with multiplayer :D
I saw bunnies bumping naughtlySlice up said bunniesSuddenly demonic bunny explodes into view and mauls my toes offBest Fight Ever!
Hey thats pretty good
pretty good
so much fun
This game has consumed my life, like how I assume actually be in prison would. I have learnt the joys of capital punishment, the importance of yard showers and necessity of large hallways.Before this game everything I knew about prisons I learnt for Orange is the New Black now with my extensive knowledge and experience from 100+ hours I am some sort of useless prison system expert!10/10
THIS GAME IS SO GOOD I ♥♥♥♥ MY PANTS WHILE I PLAYED IT. IT MADE ME DO A BACKFLIP AND SUCK HOT ♥♥♥♥
The worst
Fun MOBA get it and have some fun
Amazing
Team Fortress 2, or as its players call it:"TF2" is a really fun game developed by Valve, which was made as a sequal to Team Fortress Classic. And used to run on the Quake engine, now it runs on Source. If your looking for a FPS war game, Team Fortress 2 will be your best choice as it has 8 different gamemodes, alot of cool weapons and most importantly, hats!Most people call TF2 a "Hat Simulator" due to the amount of people wanting them and having them, I reccomend you stick away from those people and only wear hats to stay in the crowd, I reccomend you wanting weapons instead of hats.TF2 has some nice updates and is very fun.Thanks for reading.Alija.
Great game, great graphics. for those who love simulatioin games, this is the swiss army knife of games. love it!
When the hell is the update coming out you guys send monday last term.
SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY
El juego esta no me entretuvo ni una hora. no lo recomiendo. no vale la pena pagar 15 USD por esto. les recomiendo que se compren el counter-strike: global offensive que vale lo mismo y es mucho mejor. A demas solo hay alrededor de 3.000 personas que juegan este juego, en CS:GO hay 400.000 personas diarias que juegan
by far, one of the best games ive played.
Alright game. Wouldn't pay money for it but good thing to pass the time.
Weird as fk, yet extremely enjoyable. The experience was akin to:a. Oh wow let's try this game.b. Put on headphones plus play in the dark 'cause it said horror.c. CLOSE YOUR EYESd. scary voice acting pew pewe. wtf character, wtf story, wtf visualsf. starting to enjoy the game's puzzle and (fake) jumpscare anticipation (which doesn't really happen though, but you expect it to happen)g. wait, the game's OVER?!So yeah. Definitely recommend. No fuss, just play. Hurray.
Loving this game exspecially the latest update, changed a major part of gameplay, Would reccommend to any and all who like survival style games. Really happy and look forward to full release. 10/10 thus far
It was... Okay
it is a good game the comunity is great i would sugest gettng a good pair of head phones to get imersed, the dlc are good dawn guard is the best i would sugest geting belua sanguinare (http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods/17077) if you want to be a true vampire 10/10 "its like fary cry except with swords" adam kovic
whilst the Rakyat parts are kinda crap the bits on the first island are amazing a great buy
This is the most buggiest, laggyiest peice of ♥♥♥♥ game i have ever played. The trailer shows you what you can do however infact you cant even do half the ♥♥♥♥ in that trailer. Being spawned in the middle of no where is not ♥♥♥♥ing fun either. This game has been in Alpha for almost a ♥♥♥♥ing year. A ♥♥♥♥ing $5 cooking simulater would be better then this garbage. Should you buy this game?... ♥♥♥♥ NO!
Great game
THIS ♥♥♥♥ WAS AMAZE BALLZ I MASTURBATED SO HARD TO IT THAT JIZ CAME OUT OF MY MOUTH EARS AND NOSE
Solid
Awesome, original game, that hasn't been done before.  Not a game for cheaters though, the game rewards the very discoveries that we'd look at the wiki for in other games.  Everything you've seen in prison escape TV seems to be possible.
It is a good game. If u play it every day of ur life. If u dont all ur building will decay and u will have nothing. 4/10
It is a good game. If u play it every day of ur life. If u dont all ur building will decay and u will have nothing. 4/10
♥♥♥♥ game, do no play i repeat, DO NOT PLAY.
โปรแกรมนี้ใช้ยากจัง ใช้ยังไง
THIS IS THE BEST GAME!This is one of the best horror games I have ever played. I would recommend this game to people.I rate this 104/7 Carrots -Gamesopt
funnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
Best game I have ever played, completed in my first playthrough and seen all the 8 endding's. this is a game everyone should play. No sarcasm at all...
hi
A mixture of "halo" "killing floor" and "jurassic park" this game is so unbelievably fun that i can guarantee even the most boring of people 50 hours total game time if not more
good game just a few bugs to fix but overall i like
please help me save my life
Early Alpha version and has ridiculous potential, and many issues, but fun factor is 10/10.
หนุกหนานครับ ยิงกันจนแมพโหลดไม่ทีน :D
one of the most addicting games ever, the system that build and get weapons is great as it takes a player a lot of hours to get good weapons
MUST PLAY THIS AWESOME GAME WITH YOUR FRIENDS
I play this game sometimes
You go into this game having innocent intentions..... That dosent last long
AWESOME GAME 100% recommended
Played a game with both teams deranking. 11/10 would zeus again
Nacho Libre on Steroids
가끔씩 화나는일이있지만 재밌음'
Really fun!Awesome to play!
For sad people that don't have friends to play real D&D with.
Terraria was a great game during 1.1, and now that 1.2 is out, it\'s even better. Singleplayer is good, but this game becomes way better when you play with friends. One of the best games I\'ve played, although there isn\'t much to do once you have "completed the game."
Good game for mates
Terraria is an awesome Mineraft like game, But 2D. But in 2 words: ITS AWESOME
Amazing game:Good progression system, and good gameplay9/10
OK
Fun and Interesting!!!Much like "The Booterflay Effect"
Great game but if you want everything, it's gonna cost ya.
Solid Action RPG, fast gameplay with fun classes and massive talent trees, and its free! Quite a big community as well, highly recommended for fans of Diablo 1 and 2.
 never had a girlfriend because of this game. 10/10
This game is  fun if you dont want to purchase any shiz but can get very frustrating at some poits maybe attatch pillows to your fists before playing if you get the point I mean no one likes smashed computers am I right?
If you want i game when you can kill and be dinosaurs get Ark not Primal Carnage. This game has little to offer in gameplay fectures and contect. Its fun for a few houers then it gets boring,also even though it is soley a multiplayer game its server could do with some work.
A great game with some bugs... FFUUCCKK DA ALIENS I GOT MISSILES AND LASERS (LATER) Well... Shiittt. Least we have gatling lasers! :D
very good
Hyperdimension Neptunia Re;Birth1 was the remake of the original Hyperdimension Neptunia on the PS3. This game was imported directly from PS Vita to PC, and has many fans pleased since they may not own a Vita. The game uses the mechanics from Hyperdimension Neptunia Victory and Hyperdimesion Mk 2, the voice acting has been revamped as well due to this game being a remake and all. The story is as follows and it's basic and simple, go find the Key Fragments that reside in each of the four nations to get your shares and other nations shares back up. The thing is some of the CPU's may be hostile and choose not to help Neptune, so Neptune just goes to find them herself with IF and Compa. Overall this game is surprisingly good, both of the endings are really nice and look forward to. The characters each have their own personality and are very original, so I'll recommend this game to someone with minor JRPG and major JRP experience.
Truly a heartwarming story about mystery, drama, and shrimp10/10
Conquer Europe while assassinating children, marrying to spouses half your age, and turning the map into your colour.
its a good thing...
My PoE wont launch i just get black screen when i launch please help me
it's a mix of TF2 and C.S.S ,if you like those game you'll enjoy this.
Just saying that below the purchase, it says it is strongly reccomended to use a controller. So if you don't have a controller, buy this and then bithc about how the game has terrible mouse + keyboard controls in a review. Then you are utterly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
If you like Minecraft, you\'re sure to like rust. It\'s only in alpha stages, but it\'s epic.Surviving with friends, pvp, (kitpvp servers are a must play!) or just plain survival, no pvp. Like minecraft, you can have "mods" except these mods are more like bukkit plugins. You can find servers with economy, pvp arenas, teleportation, door sharing, kits, and because it\'s in alpha stage, you\'re bound to find some really funny bugs. Like when you shoot somebodies head, it stretches out and usually their bodies go flying. Anyway, i recommend this game to everyone, and especially my friends who used to play minecraft.
Probably the best zombie game out there.
Addicting game.10/10
I would never do anything wrong again, I promise.
That was an experience, glad I played it.
great game and only 10$
this is a great game to play with friends
great game full of exciteing events love it
Thsi game is great fun. It's extremely fun if you play in a group or with your friends on competitive. It is very realistic.
GREAT GAME BETTER THAT TF2         GET IT MATE XXXXXDDDDDDDDDD LOLL I I R8 9/8 OR LRELELELELELOLOLOLOL XDDDXDDXDXXD BEST KIMP LPLFPDKJGFJDOGL\\ EDCSX
Ark is a very hard game to start off with but once you get into the higher level stuff it gets funner, you make new friends, and you start to hate people to death that you can't deal with, Ark is a game thats worth every cent because you learn how to do stuff and it can be like real life and teach you real life lessons.
It's alright.
This gaem iz pretty spoopy guiz. b reddy 4 sum srs jumps with all thoze skeltalz
Amazingtacular
Hands-down one of the funnest games I have ever had the pleasure of playing. It just sucks the game was abbandoned by the devs and nobody plays it anymore. There was alot of fun times playing this game. 10-10; would hide on window ledge and snipe people again.
What a game! Played through it in a single sitting, captivating story that unfolds... will definitely play through again to see if/how things will progress differently.Simple but really stunning graphics, just give the game a wonderful atmosphere, enjoyable beginning to end.
COD is ♥♥♥♥
Great Game with Intense levels, i did back it and play the demo a year ago and i am disappointed with the progress with only 1 new level and the graphics have not been improved noticeably. I do think this is a game suited for early access as the more people buy it the more time the developers can dedicate to improving existing levels and creating new ones. There is only room for improvement.Great game sober, Insanely fun game smashed.
I can write a review on it without owning the game 11/10
Solid shooter, crippled by syncing issues and the large amount of DLC. Good deal if its on sale.EDIT: Changing to not recommended. They ♥♥♥♥ed it. Nicely done overkill, really.
Absolutely am disheartened to see my favourite game in cohort with Steam's utterly dissapointing plan. This review isn't related to the game design but rather the end experience. To see such a manipulation is very dissapointing.However, I must praise the community for being so vocal and remaining in solidarity with what has struck upon. Thank you, modders and those that share their voices. Let us be heard.
decent story, quite difficult though.
MODS = DLC Really valve
good game
This is probaly one of the best free to play games out there. You must get this game. I'm rating it 9/10.
180+ hours of gameplay and over 20 of the best gaming freinds i met in this game.
How to play Destiny Warriors:1. Get in a battle2. Press the "Enter" key repeatedly3. Heal sometimes4. You winThis game isn\'t very enjoyable. I was lucky enough to pay only 30 cents for this game. Don\'t ever buy this at full price. It would be a waste. Also, poor translation, crappy characters and wannabe Naruto storyline.  2/10, at best.
this is just plain out crafting awesome
Really gg, Needs a lobby system for standard game modes. Makes big trouble playing with frieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeends
Pretty fun puzzle game for a demo and when you see guards you have to 'beat the crap out of every single one of em'
I love this game.its exactly what ive been looking for in a town builder, the ablilty to create my own buildings and themes, it reminds me of a 3D gnomoria, and i loved that game aswell, sure it has a few bugs, but that comes with an early access game, in short, if you like god games, then this is for you.
เล่นยากมากเลยครับ กว่จะผ่านมาได้ต้องเริ่มใหม่ทั้งเกม
this is in my top 10 games of all time list so good so swheg much cool must buy
great game overall but i dont like the fact that you cant start your own racing team; you have to race for other racing teams like the ones featured in the pictures. Oakley, Kicker, etc.
its ok
I don't know what's happening but I know I like it. Masterpiece.
I would never usually buy a game in Early Access after the complete failure (in my opinion) of DayZ standanlone (which still doesn\'t have choppers), but after looking at gameplay of this I thought I would give it a try. Besiege has a fantastic engine which feels so smooth running at 60fps. I have yet to find any game changing bugs and the only thing "Early Access" about it is the lack of content, the way it should be. I would highly recoment this game to people to try out, and at this cheap price there is no point in pirating it.
goood gAME HAVE LOTS OF FUN WTH IT LOLO
Fun at first but it get broing very quickly. Very Quickly.
Surprisingly good Malay/Indonesian. Got the culture of SEA right. Damn fun.
gud.
Play CompetitiveHave the most mvpHave the most killTeammate keep yelling "STUPID!! NOOBS!!" at meEnemy team call me cheater11/10 greatest community ever
De veras divertido este joguinho. Parabéns.
♥♥♥
I thought there would never be a better space sim then the freespace 2: Blue planet mod, House of the dying sun proved me wrong. I knew it the moment I realized I needed to fly  inside  the shield array of a frieghter I had to destroy to stop it's escort ships from taking me out.Tight controls, good enemy veritey, fine missions that can be dealt with in different ways (can feel almost like a puzzle game), and the sound design is awesome.It's a gargantuan piece of work for one man and worth the price of admission if you like your space shooters.
Unfortunately, after a brief period of actually being able to play, now I can't. Damn
wonderful way to ♥♥♥♥ your friends off! :D crashing into them
my name geoff
It's Fun.
Too repetitive and please let DX12 be available for this game for low end pc users.
broken as ♥♥♥♥ my servers will not show in legacy browser or not if anyone has any suggestions tell me or otherwise this game is ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
The game that made me get bad grades at school :D
I've never ever played a game that's grabbed my emotions and played with them as much as this one. Great story, characters, action, and feels factor! Definately one of the best games you could buy.
nice game
Left 4 Dead 2 is definitly one of my favourite games it has great graphics epic weapons and mainly its just epic you should definitly buy it
I am selling KEY for $5 each interested MSG me
The fifth installment of the Elder Scrolls series is the epitome of open-world games, with just so much to do! You can explore for all the time you want, and become immersed in the beauty of the landscape, admiring the commendable amount of detail put into the game by Bethesda. Just about every single NPC has or is involved with one or more quests for the player, and every one of these quests is unique and interesting, most of the time giving the player a surprise near the end. It's shocking to see some NPC you see everyday like the local shopkeeper turn out to be some dark cultist, or mythical creature, or something else equally horrifying.Many times during gameplay I have stumbled upon sidequests, only to completely abandon my main quest at the time and continue with said sidequest, and in turn discover more and more quests to complete. At the moment, I still have an extensive list of quests to complete, and even though i've finished the main storyline, the game is not nearly over yet, and I will most likely pour hundreds of hours into it in order to complete these sidequests.Even if you do manage to complete the game, workshop support basically enables you to download addons such as new weapons, NPC's, and quests, as well as tweaks that affect things such as lighting, gameplay/combat style, and even things such as weather and temperature effects on the player, making the game easier or harder.I would definitely recommend this game to anyone interested in RPG games, and even if you're not quite into them, it's still great fun to be had.Oh yeah, and also, uh...dragons. Everybody loves dragons.
A really funny adventure through pandora that you wont find anywere else, this is a first person shooter that have really good jokes and really funny combat, the story is pretty good even if borderlands have always been more into shooting than story telling. looting cant be more fun when you scavenge for weapons that will blow the faces from your enemies or a shield that will make you into a freaking tankthe skill rpg element is improved from the first one and is now much better than ever.sadly there is this dlc hunger this game have, i dont know why gearbox is doing this but geez, all those dlc this game have, i belive there was more than 30 dlc if you count the skin dlc that cost money but if you count out that, the game is awsomeits a most buy but get the goty version for the dlc campaigns and new vault hunters
i find it an ok game has couple bugs but other then that i  am finding it good i bought some diamonds  to help
Helped me fail 1st and 2nd year university 10/10
Honestly, from the whole genre of horror survival, this game breaches just over the barrier. Sadly, for me, this game goes completely opposite. The atmosphere and structure is completely fine. Just one of the main issues is, that this game left out one of the main important features: sustainability.No need to worry about sanity, tinder boxes, oil or laudanum. As the lantern is electrical, you heal like Wolverine, got no brain to become insane and tinder boxes? the hell are those?Only the atmosphere and the setting really put me on edge, but everything else could have been impoved like for instance; charging up the lantern, sanity and a possible health system.It's sort of fun, only if you haven't played the first Amnesia game. If you have, then this game is completely different and really killed my hype for thi game, a real disappointment.
10/10 should buy
XCOM: Enemy Unknown is a HIGHLY recommended game for strategy players especially from the RTS genre. XCOM EU is based from the classic XCOM game and was remade especially for the modern players. Gameplay wise, this is more of a turn based strategy playing and planning for a good executions. This game is also very similar to the old Rainbow Six games such as Rainbow Six: Rogue Spear because of the squad based planning and customization like changing your squad\'s faces, body, helmet, armor, etc.If you love playing mind games like Chess or Games of the General, this game is highly recommended for you. Of course, you\'ll end up enjoying it so much that thinking is never been so hard to do. Your head will NEVER hurt in playing this game. 100% guarantee (unless you\'re frustrated in losing your "best friend").I really highly recommend it to you all especially for those who are NOT an RTS fan and turn based gaming. Storyline wise, it is a top notch but the ending is quite "predictable". Nevertheless, overall the game is worth to buy and worth the weight!Verdict: 8.9/10
it's leik a kawaii blek men
great game very easy to get lost in for hours
Its an awesome game.
such a good game
Best game of life.
this would be a great game, you know if it didn't crash and lag as much. seriously i love this game but i can only play the first few levels due to the extreame lag and consitant crashing. the limited options in settings doesn't help either. would only recommend to those with a REALLY good computer.
Used to have a proper positive review and recent updates have really sent the game up ♥♥♥♥ creek.New XP system has divided the community and waves of people are quitting as the game is pretty much geared towards no lifers now. Don't bother buying if you have a job or go to school. The grind before it becomes fun is too real.
Top Game
I love this Game. On my first play I pretty much sped through it to get the most of the story. I played the Missing link after the main story and kind of thought it would have been better 3/4 of the way in the game. A year later I played the directors cut when it came out. This time I explored more areas and was pleased to see the missing link placed in the order of the story. At the end I had all of the side quests done and about half of teh achivements. When I attempted my 3rd playthrough I wanted to get "Pacifist" and "Factory Default Zero" achievements, in that mode of play it really felt like a completely different game where you needed a highened level of awareness of your surroundings and a strategy through most areas. Systematically knocking unconcious every enemy on a level is pretty silly, but passing areas without being seen  is what makes this potential Action game into one of the all time Stealth greats.
Addictive! I can't sleep at night because I just want to keep playing!
Lots of glitches and a bit fustrating making/ joining a server. But Its okay. 5.5/10
The game is PERFECT.The only flaw with it would be the community....and its trading....and the squeakers....and those P2P players that call F2P players idiots for no reason at all....and those CoD players that shoot every window trying to break it..But as a free FPS, the game is absolutely good, with a very VERY minor flaws on its gameplay.But i can't really explain stuff, you just gotta play the game.
CS:GO is the best game ever! I am addicted. XD
Games ♥♥♥♥ing rad Hours of fun stabbing ♥♥♥♥♥ in the face
This point and click adventure was had to play without aposable thumbs. 0/10 IGN best game I've ever played
♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING
ไอสัสเอ้ยยย เล่นไม่ได้คนเล่นไม่ได้ก็เยอะ มึงยังเอามาขาย ไอ้แย่เม้ดดดดดดดดดด
its fun but hardim max so get it  it is a game based on being a detective while ur partner max has super powas if u have the money get it :)
Not Good Not Bad
Hasn't this game done well. Very well indeed.
Campaign so far is excellent!
IT IS AWESOME!!!!thats all i can use to discribe its awesomenessIT IS THE MOST AWESOME GAME EVER(in my opinion)
Okay so before i start this very short review i would like to note that though i only have 3 hours in this game i have played roughly 200+ offline in the past, before it was on steam. Also note that i am comparing this to AOE2. Okay so let me start with the plus\'s of this game.+Better Graphics+Bigger mapsThats just about all i can think of for plus\'s.When it comes to the minus\'s i\'d like to think i have a fair comparison when looking back to aoe2 and this game. So this games "RTS" system is probably the most unqiue and bull ♥♥♥♥ excuse for a game under the genre... The games AI is broken as ♥♥♥♥, the level up system is ♥♥♥♥ing stupid and dont even get me started about the varity of teams. A small thing that made AOE2 unique was the randomised team names where in AOE3 it uses actual historyical figures to play as, all of which are terribly voiced over. I can\'t stress enough that this game is a watered down yet stale game.I cant recommend this AOE game because it hardly even stands up as an AOE. PS: Yes AOE2 is one of my favorate games.
Grind Theft Auto
Great game, fun and mysterious gameplay, original end and can't wait for Act 2..
Reminds me of a cross between Dungeon Siege and Neverwinter Nights. Win.
This is a pretty realistic representation of how if Geneva and fall damage never existed.Have Fun.Oh, and there's mods too, if you're into adding more explosions and hardbass to your game.
TF2 is a fun F2P that is surprisingly not a pay to win, unlike some other F2P's ...There are micro-transactions, obviously, how else are they gonna make money but you can totally live without it. All the classes have their own attractions and almost evey player will be able to find their play style pretty easily. The community is okay, the servers are good, nothing is to OP. There is really nothing bad with this game. I mean its free, give it a shot.
looks nice, sounds nice, is fun. highly recommend.
This game is one of those games where, its serious, but isn't too serious. With all the weapons and hats, oh so many hats, It is a game that shouldn't be taken seriously. All of the gamemodes to date have been fun, even some of the community created gamemodes and co-inciding maps. To end it, Fun, wacky, and just a plain good time.
10/10 need 128 tick servers soon
buy this game if u havent already !
Good Game
Jogo muito bom!! valeu cada espaço na memoria até que me cansei dele.
Great game to mess around with and just have fun.
H1Z1 is an amazing game, it's very realistic (besides the zombies obviously) you have to look after your character to stay alive for example eat food, stay hydrated and sleep. Battle Royale is the biggest attraction of H1Z1 as it's competitors don't have it.I r8 8/8 m8 while I finger my prost8.:]
If you LOVE blowing things up this is the game for you. In Just Cause 3 you play as Rico Rodriguez (a man with a reputation of breaking the chains of opperesion) with the goal of overthrowing dictator Sebastiano Di Ravello. To do this you must cause chaos by liberating towns by destroying propagander and destroying military infustructure. If you like the idea of that then this game is for you. There are some grapical glitches from time to time. But these are being patched.Overall I give this a 9.5/10 for great fun gameplay and new and improved mechanics.
One of the best games to come out this year. However, if you do wish the play this masterpiece then prepare for feels.
loaded up the gameloaded up gm_constructkilled by world10/10
loaded up the gameloaded up gm_constructkilled by world10/10
Mod is 10 times better, i force myself to play this crap.
What can i say? Probably one of the best purchases i ever made. Legendary Edition is well worth it if on sale. Customisation is fantastic. i think  i've had far too much fun using the chacter customisation. Gameplay is quite immersive. Runs on ANYTHING! i have 1.5 GB of ram, 1.3 GHz Dual core AMD e-300, and an AMD Radeon HD 6310 graphics. Runs on high at 27 FPS. All in all, a bloody brilliant game. Better than any of the previous games (i have all of them). Props to Bethesda, this is a true piece of art.
Lots of reviews talking about how bad this game is... I too just spent a whole single dollar on this game and therefore my opinion about it matters as well.Is it a great game? No.Did I expect a great game? Not with that price tagDo I regret spending that dollar on this game? No way, this was the best dollar I've spent in a long timeProbably because I went into it not expecting much and was rewarded with a fun as hell romp with guns, dinos and zombies. Maybe it needs a warning to stop the tryhards expecting the next Call of Duty. This game is fun, pure and simple (even if the emphasis is on simple) and if the fun police have a problem with that then so be it.
muito bom
This game is the best!!!!!!Thanks Gaben!
Sex
...Good atmosphere, great graphics. ...♥♥♥♥ story, ♥♥♥♥ gameplay, ♥♥♥♥ scares and ♥♥♥♥ entertainment
It's addictive XD
Best game ever cant stop playing it omg 😀
its a bit glitchy in areas but pretty much skyrim/10
it's a great game. i love it.
Eae galera tudo certo  estou recomendado o warframe ele e bem legal e de aliens  numa batallhia eu acho tipo FPS entao comprem esse jogo pq ele e muito lo vlw por ler flw
it is a good game
Preordered the game a day before it came out... Totally worth it. It looks awesome and the performance is amazing. I don't know what all the fuss was about. 10/10.
A game in which your future is decided by the decisions you make. If you make a bad decision, you can rewind time! What could go wrong?Great game, story is great, beautiful art and music.
This game is pretty much a love letter to almost every kids growing up in the 80s.
Total War WARHAMMER! Buy it if you love action packed battles. Although it lacks as in depth tactics and strategies as previous titles it's still a very well made game and certainly worth the money. If you are holding back on buying it maybe wait for a sale on it before giving it a go.
mlg pros only
Day 1: Spawned on a beach, guy sniped me from across the map. I died.Day 2: Spawned in a city, found beanie. The beanie and I became friends until a bunch of guys in pink killed me. Lost beanie and died.Day 3: Found the airfield and went to a spawning area to be a ♥♥♥♥. Handcuffed new player and forcefed detergent. We became friends while he was slowly dying. He died and I felt alone. I cried for a bit then found a new player to befriend. I accidently shot him in the head. He won't wake up. Shortly after, I was hit in the head and lost everything but a new pink shirt and my underpants. Day 4: Found the guys who stole my stuff and they handcuffed me, then forcefed me rotten food. While I was dying, they mutually masturbated with their bellybuttons to my suffering. I died.Must Own and Must Play game, Guaranteed psychologist meetings in the future. 13 Handcuffs / 11 Handcuffs
I lke portal 2 it is best you can do puzzles and buy anything from store
This game is brilliant, the audio quality can be Singstar mic quality at times, but generally fantastic
Okay, so i first played this initially on PS3 back when it was first released. I found it hard to get into and sort of put it down and didn't go back to it, then I saw a sale on steam and the saints row collection was dirt cheap. I bought it and started playing it, I then released how good and how much fun this game really is. For the small amount of money that you pay to get this game when its on sale, it is very much worth it. The game has some odd jokes dropped here and there that is really smart and makes you laugh, some of the things that go on within the game are quiet funny and some can be challenging so it brings two things together really well, in being funny and challenging at the same time. I also have played this game for a number of other hours offline when i didn't have internet connection available for a few days so there is a few hours missing from the playtime. I also plan on perfecting this in the near future because i just enjoyed it so much.
Great game, very hard to beat and definitely have a lot of replay-ability.
Great game
mad game, buy it
This is not a game, is an art, awesome puzzles, awesome gameplay, and it's 60% OFF.
A blast from the past a must have for those who enjoy a good classic fps. Redicilous weapons, good humour and none of this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t storyline that holds your hand just straight up fps goodness ^_^
gerryes mud is gud
good game you should really try it out althought i will take alot of practise to get used to.
Great game! After the first 10 minutes of starting it up I found it very enjoyable. This game has a great horror: action ratio, there are some good jumpscares and also areas where I was able to get into intense firefights with the monsters of the world. The disadvantages to this game are very minimal however there was a moment where I got stuck and had to go back to my last save, there were also moments where the monsters seemed over powered and difficult to complete, however that was towards the end of the game so it gives the player some time to develop their skills with easier monsters. Overall it was a very enjoyable game and I would recomend it to anyone who wants a good story and great action. I would it 9/10.
A masterpiece with amazing art design, beautiful music and an emotionaly moving story line. Gameplay wise, it's pretty easy to handle due to the fact it is a 2D based game that uses the keys to move. The puzzles in this game are challenging and get your brain to work, which is great. However, some moments in this game (like in many other puzzle games) are immencely frustraiting but can be overcome.... after a couple tries at it that is.  Needless to say though, it brought me to tears and is, in my opinion the best game of 2014. I highly recommend it to others for a change in the usual and for an experience that will stay with you for the rest of your life.
This game is amazing and worth every dollar
Awesome game defintely good for anyone who wants a challenge.
I highly prefer this game as a moba. can keep you entertained for awhile, but for aslong as you have an hour reserved for it.
Pretty Neat for casual playing.
It's like slots, but you only lose fake money.
ThIs Game Is Hilariously Silly! It Has Almost Everything From Nazi Zombies To Your Parents...... Forget That Part. I Love The Start Gives You To Choose Pick Hair.... Pick Haaaaiiiiirrr. It's Great. If Your Old Enough. Please Go And Try It!
games too hard, but g00d
I'm an athiest and this game genuinely had me looking to the bible for help
you can get all kinds of maps
Do not buy this game.Spent all day downloading it on my slow internet connection;Launched it for the first time;Started customising and found an unbelievable amount of paywalls for a paid game;Launched the tutorial to learn how to play;Tutorial had a bug that prevented me from doing the very first task;Decided to go straight into an online game;Died several times;Computer literally bluescreened;Uninstalled.10/10 would test Steam Refund for the first time again.
"I\'ll be honest - we\'re throwing science at the wall here to see what sticks. No idea what it\'ll do."Well that\'s great...
fun
Game is promising but will die very very soon, devs don't care at all about playerbase and don't seem to want to implement an acceptable anticheat. Easy anticheat is garbage.
Very fun when you get used to the grind, although the combat system is un-usually satisfying so it isn't that bad.
One of the greatest games of last gen. It had all the aspects of a fantastic game and I it's personally my favourite game of all time. I would recommened it to everyone ever. best game 11/10. Spider waifus are best waifus
Can Thay Make the B17 B29 flyable it wood make it better for us Bomber boys sorry for my bad English im not from there thank you
Very good game
♥♥♥♥ my previous review.This game is a monotonous pile of suger-coated dung.Please do not fund le sneaky corporate lying.Buy Fallout 4 instead goy :^)
Blew up a flower stand.10/10
Built a house, my friend moved in kill things with weird guns. Awesome, game rocks.
Best game evar
Lovely story, however I wish Kojima was given more time, this had potential to be one of the greatest games in history - 9.5/10, would highly recommend.
puur br00tal trvkvlt aktion
Slight tweaking of Counter strike source.  Happy to report that the bots are still there if you don't feel confident about getting right into online. Runs smoothly on practically any system, but manages to look better than CS Source. Overall, a great purchase, especially if on sale!
You really can't go wrong with a free game. This game is not only free, butis really well made. It's quality top-down style makes it a fun game to play. The ability to jump in grab 3 friends or randoms and have a game is great.
This project does something rare. If you allow yourself to be taken by it, you feel like you're part of something larger than yourself. All of me wants to believe that Coda is out there and that what i played is real. And i do believe that, i really do. I hope i play this a hundred times over, and each time i hope to notice something different, think of something different. Because every pixel in this project has something about it, something i just can't put my finger on yet.
I'll tell you something about this game, it's beautiful, with breathtaking scenarios, and a simple but deep story, wich made me cry in the end, i've taken 2 hours to end the game but it was the most philosophical and thrilling hours of my life until now.I really enjoyed my experience with this game, wich will be inside me forever, mainly because I have a younger brother, and we fight a lot, so i can say: this game changed my life.Absolutely recomended!!!
it doesnt work nothing that says steam when have to uplink it to rockastar social club
one of the better RTS these days, must play
Check out the cat.
Amazing recreation. Immersive world with an excellent at style.
Buy this game NOW!! what are you waiting for stop reading this and buy the game. never ending never the same never gets old must buy warning hard at first but when you unlock the items its easy p.s. you need to buy the wrath of the lamb pack also adds so much more
You have to get this game as it is amazing and the mods give even more replay ability
You have to get this game as it is amazing and the mods give even more replay ability
best game ever! I spent hours a day playing this so i recomend it to all those fighting and crafting types!
Yeah pretty good
this game makes me super moist all day everyday.
Be a hero , not a bambi  Heros get free beans
Really funny game, it doesn't take itself seriously. Similiar to DOTA 2 and League of Legends but 2D and platforming.
Wow. This game is a masterpiece. The art is beautiful and the subtle effects really emphasise the immersiveness of gameplay. The attentsion to animation also achieves the same. What made playing this game even more enjoyable was watching Double Fine Adventures, the documentry on the making of the game. Seeing the whole process of its development, the work put in by artists, programmers, producers, and others was awesome and especially enjoyable for someone such as myself wanting to enter the game industry. Please buy and watch it first before playing the majority of the game as it really increases your appreaciotion for not only this game, but the indie industry as a whole. The amount of hurdles and issues they overcame was impressive. As such, playing this game gave me an expirence unlike anything else I've played.Thank you Double Fine, Amazing game.
THE BEST Military Simulator in the world.....And Its Is a Bloody Great Game for Building Teamwork, Making Friends And Having General fun.  I Fully Recomend this game ^_^
I love this game its soo fun  100/10:D good job relic
I was plaing this before when it was in alpha and beta and it is a good buy i highly recomend it you will have lots of fun
Great game, good for modding and if your a rpg fan you'll love this game
Made me rage alot r8 8/8 m8
There is a lot of potential on it, i can see by the sprit of the descriptions around the game (the few made at least). But first, this game needs a campaign mode. A lot of peoples will say it doesnt need, but this is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥rt. Frozen synapse wouldnt had any need for campaign too, but it has, and its pretty nice. Shamefull few peoples played it (there is an achievment about finalizing the game that there had less than 1% of completion), and i can say that if peoples played more the campaign, the game would have more public. I mean, TF2 wouldnt be the most played online FPS if valve didnt invested so much making videos, comics, etc.Problem is, as i can see, the creators arent putting it on this stage because the game isnt developed. My advice is that they make at least a small campaign (six missions) at first and make another ones when the game advance. I cant find anyone to play online, i didnt see any artwork on the community, i guess with a campaign this would be solved a bit. This said, i shouldnt recommend the game right now, maybe in one year i change my mind... actually i would HOPE for it, because i like this kind of game, but i will positivate it because till now its is one of the few turn based games that didnt killed me in boredoon.
Great game and is updated a lot. Worth the $15 bucks.
<3
4/10 -IGN Not enough ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
Built a Flying toilet 11/10
Very good, but quite short
My eyes won't stop bleeding. 11/4
10/10 game but misleading title, should have been called "Buffalo Goring Simulator 1986."
Mad Game!!! Only if there was less hackers ):
fun as hell
A game hasn't made me weep since Okami
Fun game
Torchlight is a great game, especially when playing with your friends and serves as a good time sink to invest in. Mods make it easily replayable.
My Friend found a legendary I asked for him to drop it so I could seeNow I have a legendary 10/10 Would steal again
I have never seen a movie about a kungfu master fight a time-travelling hitler before. Now i have
My Friend found a legendary I asked for him to drop it so I could seeNow I have a legendary 10/10 Would steal again
I have never seen a movie about a kungfu master fight a time-travelling hitler before. Now i have
one of the best games i've ever played. evolve is a game where its monster vs 4 hunters on different maps and game modes. this is probly one of the fist games i've ever played were all the classes are good and fun to play. it is worth the buy and is really fun.
Its really not that bad of a game, sure there were some day 1 performance issues and considering that its only been out for about 3 days now of course there will still be problems, but all this aside gameplay is fun, runs fine and I would definitely recommend.
Has huge amounts of post game content. Loved it and really worth the time it takes to 100% it
The Counter-Strike franchise has always been and will continue to be one of Steam's best franchises. I enjoy Global Offensive much more than Source and honestly the game is super addictive. I can't really go into detail of why I love it cause theres too much to talk about.9/10 Favourite Game on Steam currently
i love this game so much but there a few bugs and glitches that need to be fixed
it is a very good game i had soooo much fun playing it
i spend almost 100+ hours on this game there something i learn IS this game take time and effort but finally maybe you only get some credit and not unlock a snigle thing and when you try to grind for a gunin a match i always get kill by 1 shot sniper or a full auto gun and you need to spend alot of gold to just a gun or a attachment finally there something to remind new player1. prepare to rage quit 2.you easily get rekt by p2w player3.gold will cost you much that you want to give up on it
Doom. Reminding us that some of life's most complex problems can be solved with genocide.
This is possibly the best game I have ever played. It has a steep learning curve, but once you get past the basics (or have some friends that are very slightly worse than you) you will not be able to stop.Do not play this game if you ever want to play other games, or if you have any Russian friends that you want to keep.
idk
litterally endless amounts of fun,everything you expect from an elderscrolls game, but better.only downside is bad voice actors and a stale story line. but who plays a bathesda game for the story?9.5/10 reccomend to anybody who can run this game.
ScoutSoldierPyroStuff like dat. Pyro OP
An Amazing Co-op Zombie Acade Game, Love the Workshop feature and the Genral Gameplay Highley Recomended!!
11/10 would play cs again.
I've wasted so much money. 10/10
This game is so much fun. Still pre-alpha and its really nice to use. Lots of good things coming too it seems. Can`t wait.
It was very lame controls were messed up and it is lame cause it very lame people agree its lame it is lame if u dont think it is lame
It's great when you're boredVery addictive and funI recommend it if you like MOBA games
When you play this ggame you will be erect for the whole time. Then come when you finish it.. If you do not Blame Chrome Prophet for giving me this advice.
If you like GTA you will love this game!
This game sucks 10/10
PS YO OPINO QUE ESTE JUEGO ES LO MEJOR QUE LE HA PASADO A LA VIDA MEN TIENE BUENAS GRAFICAS Y MUI BUENA JUGABILIDAD MEN 108% RECOMENDADO;-)
gets me goin on a saturday morningchef did 9/11
Very good turn based strategy game. Lots of funny moments. Games tend to go on for hours.
Extremely funny, with a great and enjoyable combat system. :D
Beast game
soooooo much loot 15/10
petty ♥♥♥♥ aye
Cant even go past the first cut scene. Been about a month since its come out and no patch has been made. Very dissapointed. Going to see if i can get a refund.
Glitches Everywhere, Elite Cases Cost To Much, Takes To Long To Get Cash, The Class System Is Unbalanced10/10 Would Recommend (Legit This Game Is Fun)
One of the scariest games I've ever played. Not for the faint of heart. I rate this game S+L/10.
It's alright I guess
Awesome game, just finished it. Now to be honest some missions are a bit repetative and boring, but there are also AWESOME missions so yeah. Fav mission (Kinda SPOILER ALERT) is the metal gear solid reference that has you hidding in boxes, so many references so little time. (now i have to go and buy all the dlc :P)Anyway great game and suggest getting it 4/5
Still the best sim city of the collection - the modding community also gives this game longevity
Really fun. And there's Co-op too.
At first, I was so damn hesitate with all the negative reviews that took me 2 days to finally buy the game (I was originally intended to buy on the Day 1). So, I went to watch streams for an hour on Youtube, and man, it looks so good I have to buy it for myself.I did not regret that decision at all. This game gets so much better with friends.It's not kind of FPS like COD or BF4, and the enemy is not kind of that much spongey when you play in the right level.Man, don't waste your time reading all those negative reviews. Try it for yourself.If you don't like it, you still can request Steam for the refund.
Chivalry: Medieval Warfare offers an entirely new perspective on team-based combat.  With a creative and diverse range of classes, maps and game types, Chivalry is a game for lovers of warfare, team-based games and knights in shining armour alike.
BUY THIS GAME. IT IS GREAT
This was the single most amazing experience. Besides Microsoft PowerPoint Online collaborate for free with an online version of Microsoft PowerPoint. Save presentations in OneDrive. Share them with others and work together at the same time.
ดีครับหนุกมาก
Well, M&B WB has to be the best game i have ever played. It is so replayable, there are hundreds of different combinations, and then slap on a bunch of Mods! You could be an archer for the vaegirs, A crossbowman for your own kingdom, a knight for the swadians. Then there are mods!The combat is a bit under but still tactical and thrilling when you kill an enemy. Playing Multiplayer is fun with friends... or against... Its very tactical but very unforgiving and newbies may get owned but once you start getting a few hours under your belt, you can win.My latest save is Swadians, the epicness of watching about 150 cavalry storming into the Rhodok lines is exhilarating and quite epic.It is hard to describe its greatness but damn me if it aunt great.
Great game, economy is decent. Buy nao
I like the pixels
en
how do i am with the ak-74 it isnt like cod wtf its ♥♥♥♥
Chivalry- there are few other games like it. While it's graphics aren't the greatest, no one cares. With the amount of fun and action this brings you, you'll be consumed and keep coming back for more. With many game modes, maps, weapons and classes, this game is better than most FPS or fighting games I've played. Well done, Torn Banner, well done indeed.
Very fun game but GFWL ruined it for me, cant even play the game anymore. PC port was also half ♥♥♥♥♥ as ♥♥♥♥.
Very fun game but GFWL ruined it for me, cant even play the game anymore. PC port was also half ♥♥♥♥♥ as ♥♥♥♥.
si te gusta quemar cosas y explosiones este juego es para vos y literalmente podes hacer un pequeño infierno
Great Puzzel game
One of the most moving masterpieces ever made! Truly inspirational how moving and deep (underwater) this game can get, was at tears at one point. I highly recommend you try out this astonishing game
so fun ny
horrible disgraceful crap
ITS FREE!!!!
an old game but still one of the best open world games i have played
Oh it's bloody brilliant. It starts off with slow moving rainbow epilepsy-inducing-coloured-pixels to fast moving rainbow type pixles all over the scene. Great classes to play as and  too much to do. Gr8 m8 i r8 8/8 can't deb8.
♥♥♥♥ game so boring my $15 back please, all it is if you can click spam the sword your good.
WHOLEE GUACA MOLEE...No words can describe what I just bought.IHAZHAXFTW
I once got a controllable tear of laser it was gud!Also got Pyromaniac and Pyro with Mr.Mega!
gret
Where are the aussie servers? cause id like them please. overall a good cover shooter. if your an aussie the lag is quite terrible but other than that its pretty good
this game is so scary
Good Game
And this is why you don't work for people who don't understand the product they are selling.At least the models and soundtrack are good.
Colourfull, Crazy, and a whole cl4ptrap full of FUN. Greatly reccomend!
This game makes my nipples so hard that it gives me a boner, plus this game is better than LoL but starcraft is the best DOTA DOTA DOTA OI OI OI
Tf2 is the best game ever in the entire world! (my opinion)
Absolute Favorite.
Game is great but i think some bigger islands would be cool.
PAYDAY: The Heist is an amazingly fun game worth getting, but I would suggest buying a four-pack to play with friends considering when you need to stealth, bots ruin it, and is tricky on your own.
Umm it's AMAZING!
This is an amazing game. You can do almost anything. There are no laws of physics and one of the greatest games to play when you just want to derp around. And 9 bucks should not be a problem when getting this game. If it is a problem GET A JOB ♥♥♥ LOL.
game doesnt work i can use the main menu but once i get into a game im stuck on a still image
Wans\'t able to play it, paid 60$ bucks to see a screen with "delta 2000988" written on it. They should calll it Delta 2000988 simulator because it\'s literally the only thing you can get from the game.
Very fun :)
REBOUNDING MOTHER !#($&^#!$^)(!*^!&(%(!%^!#(%^!#^%(!^%(%&)%(!%
Really fun game with nice graphics. A little hard to understand at first, but once you do it is a really fun game. I was hooked on it for a couple months after it became a little dull, as it is repetitive. Great and unique game to try out!
I LOVE this game, it was one of the first games I got on steam and i played it for so many hours, and I still love it. The modding comunity is wonderful!
Everything wrong with: Counter Strike: Global Offensive-Source Engine+100 sins-Toxic Community (if you need an explanation, buy a $400 knife, and killyourself with it) +1000 sins-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ multiplayer matchmaking: Bs ranking system, and unforgivingly long bans, that can be given to you, for reasons out of your control, such as internet problems, and trolls walking into molotovs. +1000  sins-Smurfs, hackers and de-rankers (if you need an explanation, buy a $2000 dragon lore, and shoot yourself with it)  +10000 sins-Devs are ♥♥♥♥♥ and add updates that are 'experimental, unfinished and haven't been tested' (Valvenese for buggy and glitchy and ♥♥♥♥) +500 sins-R8 revolver ex-machina+100 sinsTotal Sin Count: 12,700Sentence : Another Round of Dust 2
Good Game and really fun
its kewl. Very fun when playing wwith friends or friends that you make online :D
Bad boy game
Good Game
With over a thousand hours, and most of the DLCs, I would have wholeheartedly recommended this game to anyone.However with the release of Crimefest 2015, Overkill now has broken all modding, and added paid weapon skins that improve your weapon\'s stats. I cannot in good conscience recommend such a game.Hell, even the "Overkill Approved" Hoxhud mod has been disabled.
Treyarch ✔Dedicated Servers ✔Great Zombies ✔Great Multiplayer ✔Treyarch ✔Treyarch ✔Treyarch ✔
Greatest game ever made basis of all strategy games these days in HD I am loving in.
Absolutely beautiful art, music and narration, a masterpiece.Proof that videogames can be art
This is a awesome game to play.It has ninjas and sick-♥♥♥ weapons.Oh, and its free to play as well :D
This is one of the first ever games I've seen where the Developers listen to the community. It requires teamwork and the bots are very challenging. You could play this alone or with friends, either way it's very fun to play. Sure, there might be bugs and glitches once in a while but it's to be expected if it's in Early Access, but I've still had fun with it. I recommend this to anyone who just wants to have plain fun!
My Grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him, \'If you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately.\'. Tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediately. Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me. My mother said to me- \'Don\'t ever smoke. Please don\'t put your family through what your Grandfather put us through." I agreed. At 28, I have never touched a cigarette. I must say, I feel a very slight sense of regret for never having done it, because this game gave me cancer anyway.
this will be the  number one game if it have more competitive things
It's one the Best PHYSICS games out there.You can crash Galaxys together.Take a revenge on the moon and sun!Theres a lot of things i love about this, the collsions are so BEAUTIFUL.I only got this yesterday i'm addicted to it.This is my Favourite Physics game.My rating.199/199
Great
기모찌
+rep
You get to kill your own mother10/10 would play again
Pew Pew Pew!
w,\\\\\\\\
Great game! I would definetly recommend this to anybody who has the money.
Real of the Mad God was a great game to play with friends, battling mobs, completing dungeons and getting destroyed by demi-god bosses. It was an amazing game back in the day, making guilds and earning fame towards it gave higher ranks in the guild. Recently over the past year, in opinion the game has declined due to in-game purchases that allow you to get high level weapons and other items that make the game pointless. I see the fact that making money off a game is necessary in some aspects but, buy to win?. The thought of just spending 100 or so dollars on a game to get high level ♥♥♥♥ is quite rediculous. It should be game where hard hours of level up and gaming should be rewarded with high level equipment. The leveling and characters make the game enjoyable, different classes that are aquired when levelling is a great way for more hours in the game making it much more fun. I also enjoyed fame system where even after max leveling has some sort of goal towards the highest fame title. The game is good but needs some areas of improvement like the shop having high level items and the use of money for more ♥♥♥♥.I don't recommend this game to people who dislike buy-to-win games but, it had really good aspects of a good game.
I would highly recommend this game because it is alot of fun and is a great game.There is ALOT of epic weapons and different playing styles. There is the ability to buy (through the currency earned in the game) blueprints for new weapons and make them yourself. To do this you need to earn the resources through game play and by visiting different planets. You can play the game in solo mode which allows for a more leisurely game or you can play by inviting other players (through private mode) or play online with other players joining when they want to.I personally like to play online because this enables you to collaborate with other online players on missions. You can also set up a clan or you can ask to join an already established clan. Clans give you more support and great team work. You can buy (with game currency) special blueprints (not available through the store) from the clan research facilities through the clan dojo.
its an ok game, just a arcade feel but
Grab a box of tissues because this one will hit you right in the feels. One of the best story's in a game ever, this needs to be made into a movie. It will make the manliest of men shed a tear 10/10
I sold most of my TF2 stuff just for this game10/10 worth the moneyEDIT: Installed the R-18+ patch, definitely worth the money
one word for all of you thinking about getting this game.AMAZING,THE BEST COOP MMO I HAVE EVER PLAYED IN MY LIFE !!!!
its k
One of the best RPG out there not a big RPG player but this pulled me in 10/10
Hats, hats, hats, oh and weapons, did I mention hats?
Nice feels trip you go on if you watch/read this VN. I recommend because it is a good polished VN with a feels trip.10 dollars may be a bit much, it's a bit short. But it's a good read.
Played it for 2 hours,at first i didnt think it was anything special, then i got good at the game10/10 needs more kerosene for my engines
good game
Screws with ya mind, amazing game
Roses are red,violets are blue,Crashlands loves me,I love it too
Hmm, this game.... Nothing more than i can say, once you played, it's YOUR LOVE, it's YOUR LIFE, CAN'T HIDE. CAN'T RUN . MATE! Best, derpiest, kinkiest, saltiest, most-on-the-high (seizure, euphoria and bunch of intensifies) community ever. Would recommend for everybody cause : 10/10 would let your wallet got ♥♥♥♥♥ again but still not complaining10/10 full of competitive players which gibuses and squeakers dominated every single server 10/10 wouldn't die by a frontstab, die by a backstab 10/10 can build a construction by puttting a blueprint into the ground 10/10 explosives and bullets can't destroy surrounding facilities 10/10 can't die by a rocket or a stickybomb or bullet by 1 shot 10/10 sniper can produce a large amount and infinite ♥♥♥♥, and it's a lethal weapon to kill people10/10 trading is always in a nutshell 10/10 best hat simulator game 2010-2XXX10/10 a fire hose can giving you health to alive 10/10 things that abnormal and supernatural are all exist in here 10/10 Would buy skins for Lord GabenP.s: Just touching this game for a few hrs
Really Great Game! Love It, ABOUSTLY Love It!
it only took my 8 hrs in this game, which has probably the biggest learning curve ive ever seen, to figure out how to start
Gr8 m8 I r8 8/8
10/10 would "Your Health is Critical!" again
will work for hats
awesome game :)
This game deserves a big following. Brings back a lot of memories, while bringing in a new, innovative gameplay. It's hard for the first few times, trying to get your head around it, but definitely worth the perseverance. So much fun to play. The array of weapons is ample, and relatively balanced - if you think a weapon sucks, you're bound to meet someone who knows how to really use it. Maps are crazy and interesting. The community that's growing seems very friendly, and I think the small size of games (four players max) helps this.Blunderbuss/10
i shall now dub this game: broke graphics mountain and most of all: THE GOOD, THE BAD AND THE ♥♥♥♥♥♥
Puzzles, physics and lots of goo. What more mayhem can you ask for!
Your battlescarred ship shudders to stop as the Jump Drive takes you to your next destinaton. You spot what looks to be a merchant ship in the distant. "Send them a welcoming gift," you command. As your weapons power up slowly, the intercom suddenly switches on. A desperate voice is heard on the other side "We will give you everything! Please just spare us!"You ignore the plead and shut off the communication. Your ship send an explosive barrage of lasers and missiles. As the bloodstained wreckage explodes in space, you think to yourself. You either die a hero or you live long enough to see yourself become the villian. This is Faster Than Light.
this game is awesome!
เป็นเกมที่ดีมากเลยผมชอบ
It's Not a Game , It is DCS
Spiral knights is a Dungen Crawling game, where you and 4 other people can battle creatures within, the clockworks. Travel down the elevators to reach the planets core, Defeat the four major bosses on the way down, aswell as an assortment of mini bosses, this is the game on the surface.As anyother game like it, there is a fair amount of grinding involved, however having friends can make that grinding small or irrelevant, there are many weapons, Guns, Bombs, and Swords to choose from and there are alot of enemies to fight, however, this game does get tedious and repetitive towards the later levels, however there is ample entertainment to distract you from that, including the PvP modes Lockdown and blastnetwork, aswell as Shadowlair, and daily missions. Like most games, getting gear is based primarily on luck, or farming over time, It does not take forever and there are always people whom wanna help. People are friendly and kind for the most part, and there is progressively released new content for Spiral Knights every so often. Status conditions, and attack types, master your armour and your weapons.
Best Everlasting Game...
A very teamwork based game that will keep you busy for many many MANY hours. Definitely give it a try! It's free!
Like CIV, in real time, in space! Massive fleet battles are very intense, good stuff.
This game is incredibly addicting, and just when you think the game is over, you'll jump right back in with the INSANE MODE!
This game is incredibly addicting, and just when you think the game is over, you'll jump right back in with the INSANE MODE!
good game as far as alphas go is amazing
'GG Activision!' 'Yeah, great job!'
this game is one of the most fun games ever only the crafting sucks balls
Got it while free, was pretty fun but the arcade is so bloody repetitive to unlock new ones, WTF? It's pretty good apart from that ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) Would r8 7.8/10 Quacks would Quack again
This is what happens when a company gets stuck in a mirror chamber reflecting all the fanboy comments back at them. They keep doing the same thing...Campaign was short and meh... (pretty damn good for COD though)Multiplayer is complete ♥♥♥♥.Not worth paying $60 for a short meh campaign. Don't buy.
Great game, fun and tactical just like playing a ps4 brawling game on PC
getting rejected online simulator10/10
coo
Has Rad Chickens in it, 10/10
Loving this game - about 8 missions in and my team feel like serious Special Ops guys, until the obligatory random event or surprise enemy positions happen, and things go downhill rapidly.I really recommend to those who enjoy a good strategy game. The new "visibility" indicator while moving makes it easy to cope with the occasional wierd angle of fire calculations, and the campaign feels like a choice between conflicting priorities, as it should.
Esse jogo é considerado razoavel. O jogo não possui muita liberdade, é praticamente programado o que você fazer primeiro. Acho que jogo não é uma grande coisa mas não tão ruim tirando a parte de liberdade
this a great game to play with friends. really great campaign aswell.
2 F4ST 2 SPOKKY 2 FUN :-D
i r8 8 out of 8 m8.
Fun, addictive and hard 10/10
One of my second favourite steam games! it The Addons that they have in the steam workshop are really great, even the maps, player models, etc. been playing this game since 2014 when i got my steam account, and bought this game which was my first ever game on PC!
A great game with sometimes the funniest games you will ever play. This game has a element of skill that is required but be warned it is not new gamer friendly. Give it some time and you will soon get the hang of it. Watch some helpful guides in the steam community as this will thorougly give you a run down on what to expect or to be expected of.
Este jogo só me trouxe problema esta cheio de bugs
It is awkwardly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and fun when you dont lose all of your men :3 dont ♥♥♥♥ up
Great game. I would 10/10 like to ♥♥♥♥ calradia again. Lots of mods, and 2 amazing DLC's for you to play. Graphics may not be the best, but the gameplay is amazing, and getting a kill is satisfying, even if it's only a peasant. 69/10. Amazing game
it nice
Kill the cykiesMy opinoin the gun mechanics are balanced
I needed the steam community badge. To get that, I needed to review a game. I chose this game.I r8, 8/8 while i masterb8 and then I 8 some cake
You Must play this game -Fun-Challenge-Unstopable to play this game-AddictI recommend you !!!!!
I threw my controller when playing split screen. 10/10
Awesome, but you need acuracy and strategy to enjoy it. but anywas 5 stars from me.
Awesome, but you need acuracy and strategy to enjoy it. but anywas 5 stars from me.
So much fun!!!
Not sure if a recent patch has broken these trials but the challenges and achievements have become a ridiculous matter of luck instead of skill.I have spent hours restarting the Bend Time Massacre with character's dying on opposite ends of the room, bullets hitting targets but do nothing and exposives go off when now wanted and do not when needed.Kill Cascade is bugged as prompt appears but clicking to drop assassinate does nothing.Entire DLC is a mess and needs fixing.Need to get off this game before the pure frustration leads me to smashing my PC.
This game is a great concept, but I personally think it needs a better introduction teaching newbies how to play, I have attempted so many times to make a workng city but it never works. I really want to like this game but because of the reason I just stated I cant. Devs, please fix this.Thanks
Excellent game. I highly recommend it for anyone and everyone who can take a joke, and handle a little blood. The DLC (Old World Blues in particular) is AMAZING! This is definately of the best RPGs I've ever played. 9/10 (Missing one point due to bugs, but nothing a few mods can't fix).
Ignore the fact that I play this a lot. This game is ♥♥♥♥ and it's devs are some of the most unprofessional people I've ever seen in the gaming idustry. It has potential, but unless it ever meets that fully you will be better off just not playing this game.
pretty good game. Although playing with people from diffrent countries is a nightmare.
just like the classic Slenderman, but with a few differences, different story, different place, and it doesnt stop once you collect all the pages.if you found the original Slenderman scary, you might this one scary aswell.me personally, I didnt find it as scary, but the stary finds a way to slowly creep you out like Silent Hill does but in a clever way!
This game really made me feel. It's so well made and is just awesome. EVERYONE should play this game!
This is a game.
You won't even feel like a human being when playing this game for a prolonged amount of time.
Campaign:The campaign mode is full of fun missions and secrets to be discovered, the story line is great, and the characters are amazingPros:It's a lengthy campaign, which will keep you entertained and coming back for moreThere are Hidden secrets to be found throgh out the game like swords and moltovs etcThe characters and storyline is exceptionally well, i enjoyed killing Menendez ;)ConsThere are not a whole lot of skins, as in good guys/ bad guys most of them are the sameMultiplayer:Multiplayer is very fun, unfortunately the very first game i played i was unfortunately bullied by other players, which is sad that the community is very disresepctful to other players, no one helped but they joined in. In other words if someone starts something with you while your online they will most likely gang up and join inPros:Fast paced shooting gameVery wide selection of guns and maps, dlcs etcCons:Community is appaling A few bugs/ erorrsHacked lobbies and HackersZombies:Zombies by far has been the wors experience for me, Over all zombies was my fav but unfortunately there was a Hacked lobby, like i said before, and he rigged my money, health and ammo, which sure it was fun to be able to use the mystery box over and over again and open all the doors on the DLC i used my money on >:( but later i got the blame and was unfortunately VAC banned when first of all this is not a steam game its a treyarch game, and second of all i was the victim yet i was banned and the hacker for some reason wasn't (LMAO) and still runs around to this day. No wonder steam got an F in supportPros:The best ever, dlc's maps, ray gun just amazingZombie bosses omlDlc's are well worth your moneyCons:Far too many hackersPing goes extremely high in lobbies sometimes, there needs to be a more local connection rather than connecting with people on the other side of the worldHackers manage to find simple map explloits which can then lead to even bigger map exploits.Over all my experience would be an ok game, i would give this 6.5/10
Great game to prank on.
I wanted to like it. I probably would, except:Finding a match is terrible No server browser / Matchmaking only No way to set a max ping or check ping before you join a lobby / matchOptimization is absolutely terrible
Meh
Very fun with great Multi-Player maps GREAT TO GET even though its old its great!!
1. DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY2. having failed step 1 ask valve for a refund3. having failed step 2 write an angery review4. having failed step 3 cry about how you wasted your money on this flop of a game while you profusely apologise to the thousands of good games you could have bought of the Steam.
This game is very good and makes Minecrap look like ♥♥♥♥ manure.
Luego de las pocas horas de juego que llevo hasta ahora, puedo decir que el F1 2016 cumplio todas mis espectativas:-Proporciona una alta personalizacion del control/volante- Pilotos IA mucho mas agresivos y competitivos, ademas tienden a equivocarse mas a menudo- Graficos que consumen mucho menos y se ven mejor que las ediciones pasadas- Buena interfaz -dinamismo por parte de los mecanicos con cambios de estrategia durante la carrera- las nuevas caracteristicas como la vuelta de calentamiento, los carteles del pitlane, etc-daño en el vehiculo mucho mas sensible-excelente sonido de los motores- Dialogos mas diversos- carga mas rapido que que versiones anterioresYo en general recomiendo comprar el juego un 100% vale cada peso, centavo, real, etc. Codemasters al fin logro darle en el clavo para dar un F1 dinamico, divertido y mas real. 10/10
Garry's Mod provides thousands of hours of fun for a measly ten dollars which to me is a steal.The game is extremely customisable by its community and playerbase in which they have developed many gamemodes, featuring Trouble in Terrorist Town, Winter Survival, Cinema and Roleplay gamemodes.
i bought the game for zombiesand now i bought the season pass for zombies
great game
Stunts with slo- mo on while explosion go off...michael bay!!!!!
Its a great game, a mixture of rust and minecraft. Though there are some additions I would like e.g set spawns or select where you want to spawn(very helpful on multi player and new maps & gamemodes (yes i do understand ths is still in its early stages)
fun game recommended +++++ 9/10
beautiful looking, fun game! claaasic old school style platformer but with open world, loved it to bits only downside is that it was a bit short, other than that great game 4/5
good game
A fun zombie survival game! A mix of minecraft & DayZ it has great gameplay and special features too!
Team Fortress 2 is a another great game from the genious at Valve.  They have made a fun FPS game with cartoon characters and maps for a fun game.  The different classes are very fun each have ballanced strengths and weaknesses.  All in all TF2 is one of my favourite games on pc.
At the begining of rust experimental, it was not quite the game it was before. But now, I think it has already become much better than the older version of rust. I think PVP is still a little better in legacy but apart from that it truly is a better game than the original.
Its a great game for military strategists!
"Super Meat Boy is a tough as nails platformer", Agreed.
엄청재밌어요 짱!! ^^
One of the best 'Free to Play' games I've ever played apart from Team Fortress 2.I wish more games were like this.
Subnautica is a brilliantly made survival and creative game. You will quickly develop a fear for the ocean's depths as you venture further and deeper from the safety of the Safe Shallows. Progress isn't too slow or fast, however you will reach the end game fairly easily depending on how quickly you progress. The end game isn't challenging because of the agressive monsters you meet as you will quickly learn how to counter their attacks (I heard this will change in the near future however), but more so the hours you will spend gathering resources if you are the type of person that loves creating new bases and outposts. There are plently of biomes to explore (Deep Grand Reef and The Mushroom Caves are my favourite). Subnautica is a great singleplayer game but would be even better if you were able to play with friends. I currently have 60 hours in Subnautica but it is bound to rise as I've yet to experience everything this game has to offer! I HIGHLY suggest this game is you are a fan of survival or creative sandbox games as there is currently a lot to do and even more coming in the future.10/10
É Um ótimo jogo,a jogabilidade é bem simples,bem definida,combos facéis de executar,uma grande variedade de golpes especiais.O gráfico não tem muito a se falar,comparado a seu sucessor,Mortal Kombat X/10,os personagens tem uma grande diferença,o gráfico desse MK não é nada complexo ou coisa do tipo,mas não deixa de ser bom.A Única coisa é que as personagens femininas estão muito sexuais,um exemplo é a Mileena.O Online desse jogo é bem ruinzinho,com lags e altos delays.O Modo história não tem muito a se falar,tem uma dificuldade rasoavel que pode ser alterada no menu de jogabilidade.Também tem o modo Torneio,aquela torre que você enfrenta uma série de oponentes,até chegar a Shang Tsung/Goro/Kintaro e como último desafio,Shao Kahn.O Torneio pode ser optado para jogar com 1 personagem,ou com 2 personagens.O Jogo é muito bom em si,mas o online é péssimo,recomendo apenas o online local.Minha nota é 9.5/10
♥♥♥♥ing Beutiful. Top of ALL THE ♥♥♥♥ING KEK!
I like this game the way it shows a mix between Minecraft and DayZ or Roblox and H1Z1
good game highly recommend getting it
k
this game is very fun and gets better everyday
Everything about this game is good except for the lower case 'r'. The other RE games are capitalized perfectly, Capcom is making me rEALLY ANGrY
This is one of my favourite games. Runs nicely for me now on ubuntu, stable...all good! Recommended.
Considerable amount of fun for the 99c it'll cost you right now. Gets you thinking and requires NO background in science.
I think that this game is amazing! The physics, driving and explosions have improved a lot from Just Cause 2 and the graphics overall are so realistic. I really liked the setting of the game, its very exotic and colourful! The wingsuit in this game is the best wingsuit I've seen in any game and is so awesome to use. I would definetly recomend this game to anyone who enjoys a bit of explosive fun.
My childhood <3
Rather fun, creepy and interesting game. Good story, short download and takes barely ten minutes to finish.
So ive only play like an hour but still i can tell that it will be a very good remake and i usally dont like remakes but if you really liked the 1st game or even the second i would recommend this game. Bought back some great childhood memorys back when i 1st play the 1st one on ps1.
this is a epic knight if you're good at the game 10/10
So far, this game has been absolutely incredible. Not only does it look nice and has a well-driven story, the gameplay is smooth and consistent. I would recommend this game to anyone who's considering buying it.
I Recommend Serious Sam 3: BFE To All
This is one of those games you buy for casual playing, like (Zelda?..maybe/ Mario Games). Contains a bit of humour and an interesting story line, but is rather short in playtime. Overall, a good game to get if you are bored, want some easy achievements, or just like a little challenge.
>spawn to the worlds worst optimised game since dayz>turn everything low>punch a tree to get wood>punching tree halfs health>try to fight 20 tons of prehistoric snitzel >end up running off cliff in botched escape attempt11/10 concept10/10 graphics2/10 optimization
gg wp
The best game to get if you like space and designing
dar
Amazing game, a must have
Epic game which has the original descent feels!They are nailing the multiplayer aspects of the game already with regular updates of new maps and other features.Dont bag the game out just because it doesn't have single player.  ITS COMING!
GREAT game! Mentally challenging, and therefore rewarding when you beat each level. Can make time fly. VERY good game when you just need to kill some time in a fun way. Truly recomend this game!
I brought chaser due to Inside gaming, I am really enjoying it. 10/10 IGN
If you are good you don't die, if you aren't you die a lot
Awesome game that allows creativity to blossom and is great to play with friends.
Before you even think about spending any money, check the update history. Or check the forums on the website. The game is no longer in development and you are just throwing your money away. This was a fun game, though was / is flooded with microtransactions (that aren't so micro). So play until you hit level 5 (or whatever level cap they introduced to bleed the last drops of money before the game was discarded by Ubi) and then uninstall. If you really want to throw money away, go feed it to some ducks or something.
I have rather enjoyed my time so far playing the game.  while it could have more in it what they have so far is a great platform for them to improve and expand upon.This game wont be for those that are after a fast pace space shooter but if you like exploring and collectiong resources and a bit of light shooting then this is for you.
meh only played Payday 2 for a little while I think its good you dont have to pay microtransactions if you dont want to 9.5/10 doesn't have candy dlc with chocolate bar as melee weapons and have to steal candy.
It's...nice
Hi everybody, this little novel was so unexpected for me, and here it´s the live reaction, Enjoy!  https://youtu.be/OGM1yI5UrHI
kool game
Very fun game. Reminds me of the hack and slash games I used to play when I was a kid, but harder :)
Hands down the best game I have ever played. This game reminded me why I play games, and I cannot recommend this more. Beautiful graphics and extremely in-depth storyline, both the high flying Columbia and the deep down Rapture (from the burial at sea dlc's), create a very real, very compelling environment.
try it u will blow ur mind into balls of death
soooooooooooooooooooo fun
♥♥♥♥♥
Lee?
Really good game until winter comes along and ♥♥♥♥s up everything and you rebuild and repeat until you rage and make a new town. 10/10 would rage and make another town again
Really good game until winter comes along and ♥♥♥♥s up everything and you rebuild and repeat until you rage and make a new town. 10/10 would rage and make another town again
This is a good game. Even though the multiplayer somtimes plays up, it is in general a good game. Recomended by me.
Remember, Big Boss is watching YOU.
SO bad
10/10 Wish I could go higher great game for you and your friends. Great game to find friends to play online with. Great game for pretty much everything I think I have round 800 or so hours so take that as you may. But definitely worth the money $10 seems like a rip off to valve actually.
Some people don't like this game for who knows what reasons, so I'm going to do a quick rundown.Yes, it is a zombie game. Like Left 4 Dead, just without pills being thrown at you. And tanks. Oh Lord, the tanks.In the beginning, the title screen, for me, even that was ominous. The title music, the background, everything. Twas spooky.The mechanics are kinda like CoD, with the crouching helps aim, and iron sighting, and the v to melee thing. Yes, we get it. It's like CoD.The inventory system is very realistic. None of the characters have backpacks (at least I haven't noticed one), which means you can only carry 4 items. Preferrably, keys, melee, pistol, and rifle.The zombies, seeing there is no special infected, range from slow as a wet week, to track runner zombies.The players side is cool as well, seeing that you will need health as it goes on, and that once you die, you don't respawn. No resupply closets, nothing. Although you can become a zombie once you die, or if no player zombies are enabled, then you'll become a kawaii little insect. Naww, cute :DAll in all, Contagion is a good game. The corpses don't usually lag you out, and you can get blood and gore in it. What more could you want?10/10. 10/10 100/100 best game. best game
fuak
Terrible frames even though my specs are well above the minimum. Not even worth it at the moment.
If you haven't bought this game yet then you're missing out! This is one of my favourite games of all time. This game is an amazing sandbox game, you can choose to follow a king or even become your own king and take over Calradia.
UMA ♥♥♥♥♥ EU JOGANDO SOZINHO NUM MAPA COOP AINDA DA LEG
This game is great! But, if your PC spec is in the minimum requirements, expect a lot of impatient high-spec PC people quitting after like 15 seconds into the loading screen. Happens to me often, a lot of you might have a gaming PC that meet the recommend specs, but show some mercy to those who are playing with the minimum specs. Seriously 15 seconds? Can't you wait for like a minute?
Build nukes in Japan and get the Roman Empire on your ♥♥♥♥ while building a Granary in your capital.
Downwell is hard. I don't tend to like hard games, but I do like Downwell. For about $4 AUD this game is a bargain. Whenever I don't know what to play on Steam, Downwell draws me in. You'll probably play the game in quick bursts and die often. I can't even get past the cavern levels. The constant dying might wear you down but the game keeps you invested by awarding points at the end of each run which go into a progression bar which unlocks new play dynamics and new palettes. Downwell is simple in its execution and a very tight experience. Downwell does what it needs to do and does it perfectly.
Gave me cancer
This Game Is Just AMAZING
octodad game of the year 2014 a must buy
Some of it still smells like p33n0r but it's mostly fresh
Please don\'t reposes my house, 1 more crate."Is ok" - 2014 2014
fun
The voice command control scheme works really well, with a decent alternative if using voice isn't your thing. The story is fairly short, but the quality of it and the voice acting easily makes up for it.The characters react and interact well with what you say.There is also a War Room mode where you can test out strategies, weapon combinations and custom commands you've set.Along with those features, the soundtrack is really great. Big Giant Circles and Ronald Jenkees did a fantastic job on it and it fits the theme of the game very well.I look forward to Iridium Studios' next game, as well as spending more time with this one.
Besiege is a great game. Even though this is still in alpha it is fun. I really enjoy just making random machines and watching them fail and burn to the ground. I can't wait for more levels. One thing that this game is missing is a workshop.
Great game! The broom closet ending was by far my favourite ending!
love it 10/10
This is fun and easy to play, even though I had to guess the controls because it shows controller controls. But over all fun and great style.I sure in a few mouths more people will play it because there is not many people in the multiplayer at the moments.
I really enjoy this game! Simple, yet taxing to the brain, it really is a work of art. Through its vivid colors and music, the game gives every single different scene its own style and atmosphere. Often I just pause, and stare at the sunset, or the stars and admire the scene. Along with these admirable qualities, FEZ brings new and innovative ideas to the platforming and puzzle genres, which we will hopefully see in future games. Overall, this game gives a refreshing taste of the platformer and puzzle genres. In one sentence - FEZ really brings its pixels to life.
Pretty good game you can play the DLC if a mate has it, so that's pretty cool
Is gud
Mostly now only modded servers and plenty of "pro" (eye roll) players to grief you, but by itself it\'s a great zombie shooter.If you enjoyed the co-op experience of L4D you will enjoy this. Wave based PVE with a final boss, in a static map, so no moving through areas or anything like that (however patrolling and staying mobile is the most viable way to live). Quite a bit more difficult than L4D on highest difficulty, it provides a solid challenge and different style of play.Probably less co-op focused than L4D, as there really aren\'t any CC mechanics other players need to help you from. Just straight up HP based combat with rounds.Good stuff.
Well what can I say. It's just random ♥♥♥♥ everywhere
Almost impossible to play solo, and even with friends you still have to grind for 30 or 40 hours to get the levels you need to build the items so you dont get insta-killed by the clans of 10+ people....
hi
Kinda steep learning curve, but as soon as you grasp the basics you will lose yourself in this game, it has so many things going for it, from the nice clean layout to the different victories, Civilisation V will keep you interested for a long, long time. You also learn heaps of interesting facts about History, which is always good 
Nice GameDo get bored after a while
Best Mod Ever
hats yeah
It's realy fun and addicting game,specialy when u play with friend.lots of mount,allies,and classes u can choose,even its grindy its fun(sorry bad london:))
I think this is my first review - but I couldn't let this game's metascore disuage people from playing this game.  Didn't play it originally when it got its horrible reviews, so keep in mind I have nothing to compare it to.The game is a fantastic blend of base defense + FPS with RPG elements.  There is progression both in each game via unlockable weapons and perks, and permanent progression in the form of 50 persistent levels and upgrades for each class.I haven't come across any bugs.  This is a super fun coop title.Buy a four pack!
This is the only MMORPG i've ever properly enjoyed, the others i've played have got stale within the first week. Archeage is a huge step in the right direction for MMOs it's combat never gets stale and if it does you can just change your class whenever and wherever you want, you never run out of things to do even with the labour system which really helps the games economy from people who would just grind out the same items making them useless which is happened in so many games i've played.Tradepacks are a revolutionary tool and is so perfect for Archeage you use your farmed materials to make them (there is about 4 unique tradepacks per region) i've gone on countless trips across the sea with friends sinking ships killing and dying while delivering these tradepacks for either gilda stars (which you use to purchase plans for ships/vehicles/houses+ a few others) or you can trade it in for gold (i've personally not tried the third hand in) The design of the game is so beautiful every way you look you're amazed by how far you can see and the quality of everything, every new area you enter is like entering a new world new plants and trees grow that you might not have seen before, i'm discovering new trees and so many new areas i've never been now i'm level 50.Every little detail is this game has been looked at and refined perfectly i can't wait for the rest of the Korean version to be ported over, a recent update has also made the game alot smaller to download, and they have also said they won't be forcing us to download huge patches they will be rolled out at around 800mb-1gb which was a big problem for me when i played WoW! If you do choose to buy or wait untill archeage is released for f2p as soon as you jump on you'll wish you had it sooner this it the best game i have EVER played full stop i highly recommend the Archeum pack to jump into the Alpha with us all now :) Purchase some land and breed your polar bears for an awesome polar bear mount! what more do you want?? a black one? well they have it! Don't get me started about the naval side of things it's INCREDIBLE from the water to your ship to the mightiest Galleon you'll never get bored with this game.
Reviewing each episode individually then the game as a hole--------------------------------------SPOILERS AHEAD PLUS THE FACT THAT THIS REVIEW WILL BE INFLUENCED BY THE CHOICES I MADE.--------------------------------------SEASON 1Episode 1. 8/10----------------One was definitely my favourite episode. With the introducement to the main characters Jesse, Axel Olivia and Lucas. This sets off as the three friends attempting to build a fireworks stand at a builders tournament and a introduction to the \'Order Of The Stone\' in which the victor gets to meet Gabriel the warrior one of the members of the Order. After all of this crap happens you lose your pig and gotta find him meeting Petra the female feminist empowering character. You and her out to sell a wither skull she has found to the main antagonist Ivory or as I call him \'The Shady Guy\'. After the interview with Gabriel, Ivory builds a Wither in which the flask inorder to control is stolen from your good buddy Axel and the witherstorm gones ape S**t and starts consuming endercon completey. After a chain of events in which you can save Petra or Galbriel you enter the nether after this you find yourself at the Order\'s temple you have to finish puzzles in order to use the amulet Galbriel gave you, oh ye he gives you this magical amulet to track the order. You have to choose to go with Olivia to find Ellegard or with Axel to find Magnus. A great fun episode.Episode 2 6/10-----------In this episode you have to choices I went with Olivia so I will tell the story of Ellegard you find her in her city redstonia in which you have to do some redstone crap and get into her thinking block there you must help her build a command block before the witherstorm comes and flips s**t up yet again. After you return you find Galbriel just chillin in the temple with Lucas. Also Axel went to find the other dude. After this you find the tracker to my boy Soren and attempt to track his footsteps at his temple, The two Order members you picked up get hella mad at each other and leave after you run into Ivory in which you find out he was a former Order member, you engage him in battle until he uses some elixir and runs away trapping you and your buddies in a library. This was an ok episode probs oh though I still reckon it was the worst out of the four.Episode 3 7.5/10-----------In this episode you attempt to find Soren yet again losing the amulet while diging out of the temple finding a mob grinder leads you to the End. In there you find a whole wool world Sorens built and a bunch of enderman he is attempting to make them build. After putting the enderman suit on you try to find him, after finding him he punches you and takes you inside his house. There the enderman siege it and you and your buddies must escape. After coming back to surface you make the Super TNT Crap and Magnus and Ellegard are back together fighting the Witherstorm. There you build the bomb and blow the thing up leading to the death of either Ellegard or Magnus. Getting surviors you see that the command block is not damaged and it starts sucking everything up again yet this time there is 3 of them. Finding either Petra or Galbriel you run away into the next episode. This was a good episode exploring some unique themes of the power of being alone for a long period of time.Episode 4 8/10-----------In this episode you run away from the Witherstorm once again and retreat to a crib in the mountains there you find out that Petra has forgotten everything and doesn\'t remember you. In which you try to figure out stuff about the Witherstorm. Ivory comes along and Soren gets hell mad that the bomb didn\'t work but Ivory figures out to destroy it using a Enchanted sword in which you and some of your buddies have to use the horses to go the \'Far Lands.\' when finally getting there you complete this maze in which it leads you to Ivorys lab there you find out the truth of the Order of the stone and craft the weapon strong enough to destroy the command block in the Witherstorm. After leaving you finally engage the Witherstorm in combat and destroy the command block but not without pay your poor pig Reuben dies. After Galbriel reveals you and your friends are the new \'Order of the stone.\' In the end you can tell to reveal the truth about the order or "Let the people dream." This episode was sick finally ending the Witherstorm and knowing that nobodies can truly become Legendary.Overall Minecraft story-mode is really fun game with unique character creation semi-predicatable and for a so called \'kids game\' actually pretty dark with touching moments and moments of sorrow and lack of salvation, though the game was pretty quick only took me 7 hours to finish it\'s still a really funny sick game defiantly  worth buying. 7.5/10 (LETS SAY 1-4 IS SEASON 1 REGARDLESS AS IT ALL LINKS TOGETHER.)SEASON 2---- (Will review when all episodes come out.)==
Pretty awesome game but does require a beefy computer to be able to run it without lag.
Like dark souls if you are bad at dark souls and like devolver digital.
fun game, nice visuals, pretty good voice acting, entertaining storyline, addictive combat, nice balance of humour and seriousness in a game, good game length for its price. probably  the best 2D side scroller game ive played
If you enjoy punching kittens and being an evil ♥♥♥♥ that thrives off of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ then this is the game for you, 90% of the user base will make you want to kill yourself and you'll often be asking yourself why you're sitting here at 3am with no pants playing a giant load of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ for no reason, it's addictive - but so is cocaine and I would rather be a banged up coke ♥♥♥♥♥ about to get stabbed in the face several times then ever play this game.
The single player was disapointing. It felt dull and boring compared to other call of dutys and the ending dident make you fell like you acomplished anything but in call of duty world at war, the ending was amazing and made you feel great!The multiplayer wasent great and it wasent bad, i enjoyed some of it.Dont get this, other cods like world at war are much better.
Best installment of bioshock so far, amazing story line, great game play and a really immersive feel.
Realistic Mud Simulator 201410/10Would splash mud again!
best game ever
So this atom says to another atom     "I think I\'ve lost one of my electrons!"  The other atom says     "Oh no, really? Are you sure?"  The first atom replies     "Yeah, I\'m positive!"You\'re welcome.
Great game!
War Thunder is a great if you love WW2 or just want to fly high in the sky!
I love this game :D AND ITS ALL FOR FREE!!!
I have tried this game during free weekends and finally decided to buy it in the hope that they had fixed the terrible game play. Unfortunately they have not. The core of the gameplay, attacking and blocking the opposition is still broken to the point that the game is not fun, but provides a frustrating experience.It creates anger every time you play it becuase the game field is not fair. Everything feels slow and clunky becuase all the servers lag so badly. Some are better than others, but in the end, those with the best pings will dominate. It is not uncommon to die 10 times and only get 1 kill becuase the lag is so bad. Your actions on screen are not registered and all you end up doing is getting killed unfairly as hits go through your block. This repeats every match, every game.If Torn Banner actually cared about the game, they would have attempted to fix it after all these years instead of making a DLC for it. I cannot recommed this game to anyone, not even when it is on sale as I feel like I should be entitled to a refund. It is not fun nor challenging. It just provides hours of frustration while taking your money and wasting your time.
'HEADSHOT!' - (Still alive)Ok thats a pretty cool combination with 80s movies and gaming7/10
Good game
Omg get this game i just played 1.9 hours and got 2 golden freddys not much work and it's an awesome game i'll give this game credit for it's concept.
 A lot of potential for this game. This game has amazing mechanics that make the experience even more fun.I'd really like to see Adventure/Story mode finished.The music is perfect with the game as well as the textures and graphics.I really hope to see the game finished soon enough as I can see a lot of potential with it.Definitely worth the bucks.
Should be studying, but panning people instead. Worth
This has the prettiest map of any strategy game, a flat ink-on-paper feudal Japan that springs into 3D life as you explore it. Mountains shoot up and flowers blossom under your feet. You are ninja Jesus.
good shiz
A Lebo gang stole your fully sick Holden Commodore and you gotta round up the cousins to get it back.
ITS AMAZING
Team Fortress 2 Is Like Team Fortress 2 But With Team Fortress 2
mui loco
This game got to much hate for the wrong reasons I ♥♥♥♥ING DIG IT if you can get it to run its not that hard to just do a bit af diging to help you,,,,,,,,,,,,,,it is a 54 gig compresed down to 23 gig thats why you get some texture pop ups,,,,,, so cut it some slack
swag
AWEOME GAME TO GOOD FOR WORDS
this a realy great game i recommend getting it.
many good such wow
team fortress 2 is a fun,action paced game base around 9 balanced classes,if you die a lot,its not because of some over powered class or weapons,its probably because u suck. xD
wah
An Excellent Game with great potential. Whilst similar to other existing games it adds new twists previously unseen in similar games I have played.
very good
awesome game 10/10
10/10
There never has been a game where I shout "HOLY S**T" more then this one. The gameplay is a bit simple at the start, but gets way better when you can use the \'dink\'. If the game was $10, I\'d say buy it in a heartbeat.
Cities: Skylines hit the sweet spot of city building with a great mix of economic sim, traffic manager and overall great simulator.If you are a fan of city builders there is no reason not to pick the game up right now, as it's very likely that you'll enjoy the game as many other fans have. Colossal Order and Paradox keep supporting the game with both payed DLC's and free updateds with bug fixes and improvements. 
*Drinks water* ... Ten seconds later "I\'m Thirsty." 10/10
Great Game, Classic Vehicle Combat (Tanks or Jets) mixed with Minecraft (Build whatever you want), Robocraft is born. Creative, Fun and most importantly, for Free. Play with friends or against them to see who is the best player out there.
This game, after buying the 2 pack and giving the other to my best friend and playing it for 15 mins, is seriously amazing. Awesome art, music and great, great gameplay. I strongly recommend it as the gameplay provides for awesome either 30 second fights or eternal fights. The amount of sneaky, freind ship ruining tricks just makes it an unforgetable experience. 11/10 - would pay $30 for
Great there are a few really unrealistic things like being spotted through walls and torches shining through walls as well. sometimes even a guard walking through walls and stuff. but a great game otherwise
dahora esse jogo
Nao funciona no meu pc fala q o instalador esta ausente
para quem gosta de matar um jogador chamado tico (que tem uma cachoeira) indispensavel este jogo @deimosteam
Give valve your money, All of it.
Lied to
For context, I have Windows 8 Pro 64-Bit.The problem is that this game is heavily dependent on GFWL which is riddled with compatibility issues. I have tried all practical - and some unorthodox - methods of trying to get to the game to work but to no avail. For $14.99, not really worth the gamble. Maybe for $4.99, but probably not at full price. If you do venture into this most unpredictable realm you should expect serious issues from the get-go. I am not saying that it definitely will not run on your Windows 8 computer but be prepared for stress. There is a decent chance the game will not run at all.
Fully Sick Bro
Garry's mod is like a transvestite hooker, terribly low quality but it can be anything you want
Great Portrait creation except theres not enough faces. I would very much appreciate and would pay for more faces that would allow me to create child characters or chubby/skinny ones.
Brilliant game, episode 1 has got me hooked already. Can't wait to see how the story progresses.
maths game of the year
Never a dull moment.
Ayyyyyyyyyyyyyyeeeeee
Great game,looks good and I hope it'll become even better as it's life continues
I accepted a guy's bribe but still denied him entry. It was a good day. 9/10
Amazing game
This game was fun at first in it\'s early access stage with developments and new characters back in 2013. But long time ago the developers completely abandoned this game since it wasn\'t getting very popular. All that\'s left now is some mulitplayer servers of the same game since it\'s abandonment. In addition the community isn\'t exactly a nice bunch either.I would not suggest getting this game at all at this point since no this game will have no more additions. Once you basically "master" the game there is nothing to work towards to or look forward to.
'tis good
building Wacky Prisons, loads of fun reccomend
Great Game! Would Recomend To People, Worth The Content And Early Access!
Team Fortress 2 is a excellent FPS game that is very equal in gameplay. If you are looking for a game with classes with equal strengths and weaknesses then Team Fortress 2 is the game for you
Simulador de se matar com pedras - 10/10
get it
Doesn't work on amd cards, 20-30fps no matter what my settings are. Waste of money I hope they release a patch for it soon
'Murica is calling...
10/10 would slice and dice again
Awesome
Cmon, who doesnt like free stuff!!!
Ol' snes styled fun? Whats more to ask fast download basically no memory taken any one can play it. The story is awesome music and bosses feel epic it even has a victory jingle.
oh ♥♥♥♥ yeah
i love the creativity because you can build what ever you want.i have only 2 dislikes you can't edit an enemys health and make then harder to kill and you can not give many NPCs a sertain Weapon like a lightsaber.However I would give it a 9/10:)
If its been done its in this game 10/10 best game ever.ONLY CON, forever to load.....
10/10 would charge ahead and clear 4 bad guys to save my fallen comrade "♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
WOW WHAT A LOVELY GAME YOU ♥♥♥♥ING WALK AROUND IN CORRIDORS DOING NOTHING ♥♥♥♥ING RIGHT CLICKING  UNTILL ♥♥♥♥ DIES ♥♥♥♥ YOU DEVELOPERS THIS GAME IS ROFL<TARDED 9/11 WOuld RECCOMEND BROUGHT BE BACK TO THE LOEVLY TIMES WHEN MY COUSINS FLEW INTO THE WORLD TRADE CENTERS
This Game is Amazing enough said.
This game was simply amazing- Game handled very well- It is stunningly beautiful- The sound track was very very good- Difficulty of the game was fairOnly compaint I had was with a small bug in the game - Appears some people have issues with the game running in slow motion if you play at 1080p resolution - System easily meets the requirements but the game ran in slow motion at 1080p, dropped it to 720 and worked perfectly. Well done Moon Studios!
you will die. alot. like seriously, alot
great game just wish it was more descriptive
I truly love this game, I can finally play this game ! But then suddenly 1 day I can't play anymore .Everytime I wanna play competitive, it loads and then stuck at the get ready in 5,4,3,2,1 . Then my game crash for no reason , hope valve can fix this problem pls ASAP, because i pay for this game and it would b really suck if i have this kind of results . I reinstall it alot of times it just never works. Valve please help me fix this problem I really want to play cs:go with my friends and it sucks to be left out
Hats, hats, and more hats.PLAY IT
Best ARPG right now !
Hundreds of Hours Of fun,modding, and so on
This ♥♥♥♥ is dank af
lets go practice medicine
Great game all it needs is my worst enemy ang greatest frieng stalin
Words cannot describe how amazing this is
The new update 1.37 for christmas I think is worse in the research area of the game as in it's confusing
awesome game loves it!
Great game, very enjoyable
Great indie building simulator. At times it can be boring, especially earning some of those achievements forcing you to play in an unproductive manner. But overall the game sucks you in, you can lose hours playing it and yet with one mistake those hours can vanish into a city failing very quickly from the punishing aspect this game offers.If you're a glutton for punishment and addicting strategical building simulations, this game is for you!
Não consigo de maneira nenhuma abrir o jogo, ja fiz tudo oq recomendaram e n abre. Pfv alguem pode me ajudar?
just great
JESUS CHRIST!!!!This game becomes an addiction fast. A satifying, painful, badass, memorable addiction.BUYITNOW!!!
I wouldnt reccomend this game until they make it playable, for me at least it has crashed my computer 4 times and reset my progress till the last time I had saved which ofc is an annoyance but still wasnt that big of a deal to me. Then after like 6 hours waiting for patches with none so far I start the game back up again and I was on a new world with a different character. BUT ANYWAYS this game when it wasnt crashing and restting my character was a very fun game and ill be back as soon as the game is playable which I hope isnt to far away
Really Fun more realistic than CoD
Really fun! Too bad no servers work/are full
Good game, but not one I'd personally recommend.Still, it's worth the 24cents I spent on it
Still a bit clunky in early access but a great game overall
Simply one of the best RTS games i have ever played
Easily The best FPS On PC!
First played it on PS2, loved it, still a great game. Hard to get frustrated at unless you absolutely suck so a fun timewaster, which is what a game should be. Fun campaign, Galactic COnquest is a fun one too, and multiplayer as well, so loads of time to be played, well worth the small amount it costs.
Good Game...Very intence...-Sir Knightlyship of the Tree
MUITO ♥♥♥♥ recomendo
Play this game for an hour, you say? That's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. You know you wasted centuries on gettting absolutely destroyed by Gandhi and friends when you decided to make peace and shizz. Self-defence is truly frowned upon by those pacifists.
Dickbeater69: *Types in (Is this it for us) erases it and changes to (How's the weather been there recently).Emerly35: It's been alright.Dickbeater69: Only options left are (Goodbye) *Says Goodbye*Game ends.10/10 best option choosing simulator would get friendzoned again.P.S ♥♥♥♥ that ♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥ guy named Brad, he stealing my hoes and ♥♥♥♥. ♥♥♥♥ him.
The xbox version is a ton better than thisFor one it tends  to close off on me.. and even when it did load it didnt register acheivements. I would definintely reccomend the xbox version over this because its ten times easier to use voice chat too. It also sucks in a sense of bad facebook and twitter opens
A mediocre game at best. Brainbread 2 is a HL mod where you gun down zeds and bandits in objective mode, arena mode or story mode. Easily earn XP by damaging zeds,winning rounds or completing objectives,so as to unlock skills which improve your ability to send the undead back to their graves. However, it suffers from severe issues.-Subpar graphics and physics allow this game to run on potatoes,so a pro for some. -Horrible sound design. Guns sound and act like peashooters, gibbing sounds like someone tore a piece of paper, and considering shooting zeds and bandits make up nearly all the game, these 2 flaws are amplified.-Subpar melee weapons: Theres no satisfication to gain from what feels like whacking a stick into a zombie. Blood spurts and the sound of tearing paper are not terribly exciting, also, considering how easily you get damaged swinging a melee at zeds or bandits, at the very least, give melee a one hit kill, especially for the bigger weapons like the fireaxe.-The maps are always too dark. It's not frightening, it's not horror, its just frustrating,  The environment is too dark to make out whether your shooting at a player or a zombie. The flashlight is utter ♥♥♥♥ by the way.-Hit detection works when enemies are frontally charging you [Cannon Fodder Tip No.21], but when they turn, walk sideways towards another player, a huge amount of accuracy is lost, even if your literally sticking an assualt rifle into their sides.-Great progression system, XP can be easily earned by dealing damage and doing objectives, but it is not so quickly earned you can unlock everything in a few days. It feels nice to slowly upgrade your character into an almighty zed slaying god. However, my willingness to grind xp is hampered by how unsatisfying killing zeds and bandits are.-Horrific PVP. Skills are at least taken away, so you aint overpowered. Deathmatch involves running around maps not designed for PVP, picking up powerups, running at high speeds and gunning down/meleeing enemies. However, apart from your starting pistol, you need to search the map for a weapon, while anyone with an assualt rifle or shotgun will mow you down. More open maps with all the murky darkness removed must be implemented for DM for its fast, weapon searching player gibbing gameplay to work.Elimination is also lacking. The moment a human gets to an area with limited entrances and ammo [easily found], they pretty much win the game. One kill is counted as one point, so zombie kills are easily racked up. Zombies however, have an easy start, killing humans who dont camp quickly.
Nice game.....................
hey man i like this game
Absolutely Amazing, GTX 770, I7 4770 and 16 gb ram,  90-110 FPS without Vysnc on high settings. Runs amazingly. Alot more control then Console version.  9/10 (Online has some Errors). Excellent Release Rockstar.
จะสร้างภาพหรือวีดีโอก็ได้ตามใจตัวเองเป็น โปรเเกรม ฟรี ที่เยียมมสุดๆ
As many have said, this game is fun and addictive with a real challenge which makes you get so frustrated that you retry the level to avoid the silly mistake which caused you to die earlier. Only thing I'd recommend for this game is acheivements, mainly because it would add more of a purpose for Acheivement Hunters such as myself.
What do you mean this game is only fun with friends? Who do you think I am to have a friends list full of people that want to play games with me? What am I a famous youtuber?But really the game is alright. It runs well and gets updated quite a bit. My only problem is its gets boring after playing it for like 30 minutes even with friends. But other then that its not a bad game even for its price. I can't say if you should or shouldn't buy it, its your choice. I'm just going to vote yes to recommend this game but I mostly stand neutral on this game.
Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não,Não.
u suk cibele
exelente otimo para amantes do fps e tambem para quem quer começar
exelente otimo para amantes do fps e tambem para quem quer começar
Gambling habits, gonna go put my mum on the line for some virutal tokens11/10-IGN
Great game... but best played with friends
This game has been abandedned no new features have been relised for months now
Funny and Enjoyable 10//10 would play again
A challenging puzzle game that improves a skill which can be used IRL. The game runs flawlessly even on an underpowered laptop. Appropriate difficulty and learning curve. Visuals are simple and endearing. Never frustrating and the euphoria of completing puzzles is very present. I thouroghly recommend this game because of the low price point and manages to teach you more about the nature of software development then most paid tutorials and sometimes even classes.
I'd have to r8 (revolver) 10/8 for this gr8 game mate
Good game.
get this game its awesome and only $0.99 USD I have got it and you should get it to :)
Good value for its price. Don't see myself playing much more, but 7hrs is more than enough value for me to be happy with it.
dayz standalone is more of a hardcore game than a dayz mod to an average gamer. This can be fun or could be boring for you depending on your play style. My preference is against this game
good game.requires teamwork and strategy for the most part,well if you don't have ♥♥♥♥ teammates who are trying to be annoying and just throwing the game.and if you don't have lags like me, ♥♥♥♥ lags
Never get bored. Really.
Awesome game. Will eat hours of your life.This is the game that Diablo 3 should have been.
i think the vehicles are to drifty like when you turn at a higher speed you loose control but overall amazing game
My overall experience with this game>play German tanks>kill a Russian tank>get called "♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥" over chat and other stuffThat\'s essentially the whole game. Would play again 11/10
♥♥♥♥ing salty snipers make me lol11/10 Also get this game or else
Delaware Occupational Therapy Association 2
This game is very addictive once you gt to competitive xD
Is awesome
JJJ
after playing this game since it's release and i must say i am highly liking DBXV it has a good feel and game play for a DBZ game and the new take on old stories are some what fun , the class system is good and sticks to races we have seen from the DBZ universe and it makes me feel like i am now part of the lore of the DragonBall universe and i am only half way into the game so would i say pick up this game? my answer is yes, for this is the best DragonBall game i have ever played and if you are into DB DBZ then i say give it a try
its good
Pretty good game Give it a go
its so good
My Memory!
Masterful storytelling, gorgeous visuals and some hilarious characters. Where is act 2 already???
Good game albiet a tad short (Granted still in beta)Very familiar setting for those who have played terraria, Mod friendly, and still plenty of more features coming, for 15 bucks it's not that bad.
I recommend this game to competitive and casual gamers who like fps'sI've played a lot and it is fun 2 play. GABEN give me a knife in the case plz xD10/10 would rate again
I find this game to be a mix of collecting card(mods) and first person shooter (this game is third person view) coupled with rpg elements like random dungeon(missions) runs.This game is completely free to play even though it may seems to be retricting because of the limited free inventory slots. You could earn platnium(premium currency) in game by trading rare items.The only fault i find at the start is the fact that they did not let new player try out all the starter frames or even provide enough infomations about the first frame you are getting. I find it fustrusting and annoying because it is hard to farm enough for another frame and you would be stuck playing the frame you hardly love like how i find myslef regretting choosing Excalibur just because it is in the tutorial.
This game makes me wet.
It's no Bad Rats but it'll do.
Great game, can have hours and hours of gaming non-stop.
This game is amazing its like minecraft in space and I hate calling it that because its awesome would reccomend buy it :D
This page has the greatest 'System Requirements' section on Steam.Also it has some real nifty jams.
Fell through floor. Bad game.
good
beast game
Amazing game! Goats!!! Wouldn't mind a touch more sheep, but then there's GOATS!Might not be the best for a completionist as some of the stuff is quite difficult to do, but this game is still amazing no matter what!
SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY!
NOTE: This copy was given to me by the developer for review purposes, this however does not change the review in anyway.OverviewProtoshift is a colourful, fast-paced 2D indie game which requires skill, precision and concentration with your mouse to go through a number of moving obstacles to reach the highest level in this endless challenge.QualityGraphics - The graphics from Protoshift are of a mid-standard quality, by this I mean that they could\'ve polished the game a bit more making the graphics more appealing. E.g. You could give the black square (the thing we move in the game) more emotion or colour, maybe even a border. A black square is ok, but they could\'ve done better.Sound - The soundtrack that is implemented into the game gives an electric vibe when going through the levels in the game. The voice that narrates in the game has a robotic sound, matching the music and giving the game a futuristic touch.Gameplay - The gameplay in Protoshift is really simple after the training difficulty, which tells you about the abilities and what happens in the game. After this it\'s basically an endless mode, with higher time comes higher levels and with high levels becomes higher amount of turns, speed etc. Though, you can change the difficulty to hard, very hard or futile to make it more of a challenge. (If it\'s not challenging enough!)Pros & ConsPros:- Easy Controls and your chose of sensitivity (depending on your mouse)- Addicting gameplay- Has cards- Colourful and nicely textured backgroundCons:- Has some bugs (Dying randomly or survivng when touching the obstacle etc.)- Graphics needs to smoothened a bit more.- Doesn\'t have an "easy" or "intermediate" difficulty, besides the training mode, which enforces you to go through the basics againConclusionIn conclusion, Protoshift is worth it\'s price and it\'s a well made game with a good concept, but it could be improve on in future updates. I would recommend this game to anyone wanting a great challenge or anyone who likes indie games in total. 7/10 ^^My rating (will change if they make a difference in future updates.) For more recommendations by LL\'s Game Giveaways and Reviews on quality indie games or ones with high potential follow our group curations here! 
Just Bro with it
มันจริงต่องเล่นแล้วนะครับ
good tactical game
The most impressive stuff to me is the good graphic and low required disk space when installing ( < 300Mb). The game is fun and really easy to play :) It's totally non-pay-to-win game ( Real money is just used for decoration your profile in game).The graphic is a bit annoying to my eyes when I'm playing more than 20 mins, though. Besides, The gun's recoil is very low (You can take AK-47 then spray with pretty accuration)7/10
Awesome, just awesome you can make a squead w/ mates, vs peeps, and fly looooooads of planes................................................. but just to make things better its FREE!!!!!!!
I got this game upon many recommendations from friends and collieages and so far, I am impressed with just how great a game it is. I now plan on spending quite a lot of time playing this game.
Buy it.Buy it now!!
Abondonware - Do not buy
A symphony in red.
I like the game but its still a little buggy like you can get stuck in objects and cant move and when some one can shot half a clip at you and on your screen its like they shot one bullet then you watch the replay and its commpletely diffrent. when you shot some one with just about a full clip and you die to them and you watch the replay and you dednt even shot. But when the game works its quite fun to play. Thats why i cant recommened the current version of the game.
I got this game for ffree on the windows store... then bought it here for some reason
If you think you are man enough to play this game then play it you can make your own weapons and look cool while fighting every one and think on your feet
10/10 Brings the quality smackdown.
Best translator game i learned whats meaning of ♥♥♥♥ Best transltor game 15/10 VERRY GOOD GAME
Well Rust is quite a good game besides the fact it's in early access. The guns are not extremely over powered because of their kick is very high as it would be in real life but you would still loose hand rock vs pistol. I like how The developers are taking a new lead to this game and have been doing alot of updates and changes lately but one thing that I haven't seen in the devblog is a way on how to make the player base more friendly. This is a big deal with gameplay in Rust because it is extremely hard to find someone who doesn't shoot you on sight ( Even If your a new spawn with no gear sometimes.) This is getting to a ridiculous point it has turned a survival game to an all out free for all where people shoot on sight. now a days the only way I find someone who doesn't shoot on sight is when I have a better weapon than them and I tell them to run off and maybe give them food. but sometimes the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ urge is to strong in some people and they go for the kill anyways. The only benefit from this player base is killing a bandit who killed you as a new spawn and absolutly burn their soul in embarrasment. Maybe the devs can't fix this but we can I and my friends have made a pledge not to shoot on sight unless we know that person is hostile. can you guys please band together on this one for me it would make the gameplay alot better. At Rust's Current state I give it a 7/10 The player base needs alot of work!
tis good
Best zombie game on PC by far in my opinion!
You wear a Fez enough said
Its what im doing when im not playing D&D, if graphical appeal isnt a deal breaker for you and you're a story person this is a great buy. If you like edge of your seat combat and thrilling moments move along.buy this game
Most 80's thing ever
A truly enjoyable throwback to a seemingly lost genre.Warden delivers in all the areas where it matters, from having stunning environments and unique enemies to a compelling story, this game isn't pulling any punches.Delve into a whimsical world of fantasy and wonder, playing as the new warden work to stop untold peril from unmaking the beautiful world the game takes place in.  From a vast amounts of unique weapons and equipment to witty dialogue and subtle humor this game has a great deal going for it. 
Awesomeness
After playing for more than 20 hours still have to searching for how to play.it had change to a total different game from the last game, first impression for me is a brand new playing method.It simplify some of the control over the aircraft which is a good change, but over all in the stragies playing is less fun,cant even do the thing that use to do, I will say that is more toward reality a little bit.玩了20多个小时，还在摸索玩法的过程中。感觉这游戏从三代里面走出来了，四代明显已经是一个新的游戏了。确实是丧失了很多战略性的操作，变成了一个谜一样的战略游戏。不过最不适应就是宣战还需要理由，我就是要抽你还要理由么！！！这一点就是暂时唯一不太喜欢的，其他都可以适应慢慢适应。
um dos melhores q ja jogei
$7 buck well spent
(if you cant be bothered reading this then just scroll down for the rating and reasons on why it's good and bad)It's a really good game considering its price however it does take a week to get used to the controls and how some of the gamemodes work in it but they don't have a tutorial... It's annoying how you do need CS: Source to view a lot of maps and items that most servers use but you can get those textures for free off of websites which is legal (just in case you think it isn't) or you can do it through a tiny bit more legitament way by buying it with Garry's Mod or standalone but I highly recommend buying it in a bundle as it does lower the price by quite a bit. If you can't be bothered installing all the textures by downloading them online then buying it would be better for you as all you need to do is download CS: Source and just go back onto Garry's Mod but if your like me and your going to barely play CS: Source then just buy it on a sale or download the textures (to be honest I did both because I downloaded the textures but about a month later the game was about $2 so I bought it anyway).7/10 for...Negatives:- Making it incredibly dificult to download the textures.- Forcing you to have them in the first place- Making CS:source way too overpriced considering it's not even that good compared to CS: GO which is newer and cheaper- No tutorials- Overly complicated tools considering thier is no tutorialPositives:- Lowering the price to $1 on sales- Making the original price $10 (considering its a online only game)- In-built workshop compatibility- So many different gamemodes- Some gamemodes are mixed in with others on some servers to create the ultimate game (sort of like Sandbox where you can do what you want and build with PVP where you can still do what you want but no flying through walls, building bases, killing others and still building amazing contraptions).In summary Garry's Mod is a great casual game that you can play everyday if you want but it isnt hardcore so it's meant to be more of a entertaining, funny game which is a lot better to play with friends and if you don't have friends then use a mic while playing on servers as it will be just as much entertaining (you don't have to have a mic either you can also type in chat).
great
This is a Wonderful Installment to the Civilisation Franchise i've played CIV IV and this to me is a big step up in graphics and depth of play and i Love the Expansitions Mostly the BNW because for the 98 i played the Civ Brave New World i felt the connection that i had to that game. I Would Happily Keep Buying games like these and even More from CIV
GET IT
One word Insane
Nice Game ;)
i haven't play this game for a while due to a bug. but now that is solved i'm quickly becoming addicted to this game.
WHAT it was going to be my second time playing but NOW it says you are logged in to a differnt steam acount to the onw you played with
First time ever played underwater game, it was awesome and so fun playing as diver which adventure through danger sharks attack in dark sea and collecting treasures, very exciting. When bored of diver, go play as a shark and murder all the humans muhahaha MEAT MEATTTTTT!
Paid mods are terrible. I waited Five years to buy skyrim once it dipped to a price I could afford so I could explore the wonderful world of modding and now it costs money. absolutely disgraceful.
MELHOR QUE SKYRIM
Very good game love the new updates :)
basically, YES it's a great game and best for people who seek a feeling of satisfaction and relief after beating a part of a game after a couple deaths. The game really just throws you in the world beginning with a scene explaining the situation. There is no tutorial and no words in the game, leaving you to learn the game yourself (or roam a forum ;)). The game looks beautiful and runs smoothly. Now, there are some bugs. I've had a black screen that showed your character and only enemies and instant crash after death. The death and respawn time might make you get tilted a bit, too. Overall, buy it, it's great but maybe wait for a discount because it's a little pricey in my opinion.
I notice you can scroll up, left and right...... but not down? , especially since majority of the time your base is at the bottom of the screen!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I thought there was the basic knowledge of creating base building strategic game?
I have put a fair chunk of my time from release over the years. I have purchased almost all DLC, so I have spent over $100 on the game. In all my time gaming I have never seen a community so willing to support a developer. However, adding ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t p2w microtransactions, after the developer said they would not, after I have spent more than double a triple A title, was the final straw for me. GG Pay2day, it was nice knowing you...
hi
I don't know whats more fun: building the ship or flying the ship.And then you realise you forgot to hook up your components properly so all you can do is rotate a turret and turn left.
Stardew Valley is a heartwarming game. You may pass this up in your queue as another boring indie game with pixel-art graphics, but if you look closer, you'll find a beautiful game, masterfully created by a single person, with great graphics, an intriguing plot, and a real sense of community. If you're anything like me, you'll get lost within the game within your first hour. Many draw comparisons with Harvest Moon, and I definitely agree, but as many see it as a reimagining, I see it as a spiritual successor; building upon the farming and marriage aspects of the game, and adding things like events, community, fishing, mining, combat, foraging, and the Community Centre.The few things that bring the game down are its audio bugs (very few), gamepad support (using a keyboard and mouse is much better), shallow combat scheme (could be built upon) and pixel sizings not matching sometimes, which never fails to look like a beautiful meadow with dead cows in it. By this I mean when watching TV and several inventory items, but all these are tiny nitpicks compared to the full game.I would definitely reccomend Stardew Valley, in fact, it's my Independent Game of the Year so far, and one of my favourite games of all time. And it's made by one person.Also, it's a pretty cool game to 100%. Achievements are fair and not too time-consuming, and it's an overall fun game, and the Community Centre thing is one of the best things to 100% this year, in my opinion.Final Rating: 9.1/10
Cooperative play was removed.Cooperative play was the best part of RE5/RE6.Would not recommend.
good game
...
10 star
super entretenido genial el juego esta repleto de accion y al contrario de enfadarte cuando pierdes te da risa de las formas tan epicas en las que muere
Good game. in Alpha Stage I can has great potential as a survival game! addictive as heck!
One of the best games I have ever played. Not often games like this come along.
High tech and guns + dinos = AWESOME
life is strangeis epic?but strange
You won't regret buying this game even if it's not on sale.AlsoYou will learn Russian one way or another
Uno de los mejores juegos de estrategia muy entretenido y competitivo descarguen el juego es muy bueno
If ninja in galaxy
You can see that it has the makings of an awesome game but it has a long way to go lol. There is only three tracks, two cars, no results at the end of the race (only an option to retry or go back to the garage) which is pretty damn minimilistic and It has a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥ framerate like you're playing on an Xbox One. I also didn't like how your car just resets in the destruction derby if you roll over! That has to go! You should have to stay like that until someone rolls you back over or you get obliterated! I know that it will most likley include it so I should'nt really have to say it but multiplayer is a MUST!Looking forward to experiencing it evolving as I know it is going to be awesome eventually!
Great game for pretty much anyone but especially if you have a creative mind or a bunch of friends to play with.
i
Great Graphics, Amazing Gameplay and Captivating First Person Battles are just some of the Benefits Of "The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim"
AWESOME dinosaur game
Awesome storyline, Great humor and overall: Awesome
Good,funny action sci-fi open world game with a focus on comedic action.Not just saying this to get a badge :P
ok so this game is AMAZING, especially considering it's FREE!! Absouluty get this game 10/10Pass the Whiskey!!
THIS IS GAME IS EPIC FOR F2P. MUST GET IF YR A F2P.
If enough time invested into this game and effort, even if you don't do great damage it's really fun to stick around town and talk with friends with a unique and nice looking character. Even though this game may be dead as hell at the moment it's still playable!
เน
Was a good watch. Its cleared some of the story up for me.One thing though, Still dont know who the patriach actually is :(
This is the best simulator game in my mind
you have smokers cough. seriously
"Makes game called Bink says Boo, Sells 1.4 million copies"Fun game if you want to have fun.9/10
It's k...
10/10 fun, addictive, easy to become good, hard to master. Rewards you for playing even when you lose!
Hmm what can i say look its good hahaha you should play it some time
Don't get scammed kids ;) Also good game
♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME GAME GET IT NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
Don't get scammed kids ;) Also good game
♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME GAME GET IT NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
Garry's Mod? Where should I start with Garry's mod...1. Buy it2. Buy it3. Buy it for a friend4. Watch your life fade away into the hands of Garrys Mod.
It was fun until they decided to triple dip, where if you want the full experience you need to pay over 80 extra dollars for DLC and your end game content is TF2 CSGO style crate gambling for random skins that give stat boosts :)
♥♥♥♥
Great replay value. One of the few games I play just to play, not grind out to finish.
Great game, lots of fun, 10/10 would bang
i recomend tf2 for peaple who love first person shooters and love to play with your friends and trade to customise your profile to be awesome, i love this game and i recomend to everyone
amazing game, great humour and engaging story
The English are terrorising all of Scotland, and it's time for you to fight back... again!
What can i say , it runs so smooth it plays so damned well on max settings on the GTX TITAN i did really like the 2715 resolution until the update put its highest res 1920,1080 but other than that 11/10
one of the bst free to play games out there.
Not bad, John
I have a couple hours on it (over 1300), it is my favourite game by far. There is many things you can do sure you can make ragdolls to stupid ♥♥♥♥ but wait till you get on TTT, Prophunt, Pirate ship wars, Murder, Morbus and my favourite Dark Rp. You should definately get this game!
it was all lies
this is a great game pick it up 10/10
Amazing game!!
Amazing game. I r8 8/8 m8.
Although I suck at this game, I had great gun and still have great fun playing it. The soundtrack is to die for and the skateboarding itself handles perfectly. To me, if any game can make me want to continue playing even though I keep failing than that game is doing something right. OlliOlli does everything right. I would recommend using a controller though and putting on your game face, as I think commentating and using a keyboard may have helped me fail. May :P
Probably the BEST GAME EVER . This game is a Masterpeice :)
The first time I logged into the beta server all those months ago I was greeted with a flaming passenger jet hurtling past my screen. The lag was terrible, shots wouldn't hit anything and the rocket launcher was insanely overpowered. Yet, despite all this I had the most fun I'd had in a game for ages.In the subsequent beta tests the lag became far less noticable and in the prerelease version it was down to no more than internet speed. One should approach this game as something akin to Planetside 2; but as one constant battlefield, with no commander and the ability to spawn a Hercules Jet whenever you want. This game is the embodiment of chaos, and I loved every second of it.
Hilarious and cute game!Super Meat Boy is perfect for if you have little time,but still want to play something challenging.Tons of levels and characters!Also,there might or might not be a few game references! :D
Thjis gaem gave me cancer                                  ~10/10 IGN
Bored? Play this game. Pretty much unlimited replayability as it is moddable and the mods are of mostly high quality.
Nothing but silly fun. Add to that some ridiculous hats and gear and you're guaranteed to have a blast. Plus it's one of the few F2P games where in-game purchases are not necessary to play past a certain point.
Reminds me a lot of Smite and League of Legends, but with a new twist, the whole game is in 2D as opposed to an eagle eye view, which keeps the game fresh and fun.
Pretty kewl
Awesome Tower Defense
Good Game, needs some dlc/lfd3.
Best Sandbox Game
I liked it
Graphics: 8Audio: 8Gameplay: 8Story: 7Decide for yourself.Highly recommend this to hardcore Hitman fans. It brings a lot of asepcts from Blood Money.There are downsides however, DX12 in this game is just broken, it crashes during the first mission so play on DX11. Performance is okay, but there needs to be a lot of work done, I get around 50fps on my R9 390 i5 6600k Ultra DX11 but there are dips here and there. The content needs a lot of work too, there's just not enough content in the game. If you buy it now, you might find yourself just replaying the same mission over and over again.Then again, it's a good game, the sandbox nature of this game is just beautiful.Hope IO will release more content and performance patches in the future!
The Way of life. Focusing on 3 stages of life, Child, Adult and Senior. The levels I find are hard but the child is hardest. This game shows you that kids want to have fun and play, adults have to work to do stuff and cant do anything else, seniors are old and weak. This game has a small playtime but it is good.
Very good
Beautiful game, great story and also at time complicated puzzles. Would recommend to most of my friends.
PRETTY GOOD 
i like things that move
Before I bought KAG, it been looking at it for a long hile on youtube and I thought it would be AMAZING, but although it is still good, it's not AS good as i thought originally, so still a good game.
legal bacana legal
great game
This game is amazing, you get to create your own weapons, create your own player, then you get to bring them out onto the battlefield 99%
LOL. Really fun in the 256 player battles!
MASIN
QUE DELICIA DE JOGO CARA!
เกมดี
So hard, endlessly hilarious and heartwarming story. I loved this game so much Its amazing
This is the best zombie game ever!Everyone should get this game
Best game ever 10/10 ign would make more characters again
Awesome MMO!!!Fun and addictive.
Great Game. 10/10
this game is perfect
I ain't seen the sunshine since I don't know when,I'm stuck in Clicker Heroes, and time keeps draggin' onBut that DPS keeps a rollin' on toward a trillion..
At the end of the day, as much as one is inclined to, it is difficult to find fault with a game like Dying Light. Aesthetically, the game is a pleaser. In terms of performance on the PC platform, save for the fps related issues on release week, Dying Light performs respectably even on a mediocre rig. On a high-end rig, Dying Light chugs along at the highest settings with nary a hiccup. As for its gameplay, the action in Dying Light is fast and fluid. Combat is flashy as well as impactful, and killing zombies has never felt more brutally satisfying. The parkour mechanic, which is your character’s main form of locomotion in Dying Light, is also somewhat intuitive, save for a few logical inconsistencies. If your gut tells you that a bridge’s truss is traversable to reach its top, you are unlikely to be wrong. Scaleable aspects of a building are very well-differentiated from those that you can’t interact with. Thus whether it is crisscrossing Harran’s rooftops, or climbing to the top of a clock tower to catch the setting sun, Dying Light’s parkour mechanic makes it both hassle-free and a pleasure to explore its vast and interesting setting. There is no mistake about it, Techland has done an admirable job here: Dying Light is one hell of a game to play, whether alone or in a group. Unfortunately, Dying Light has about as much of a heart or soul as the cold and ruthless GRE boss that your character works for.  I could blame the game’s lack of spirit on its poor storyline, as many other critics have done. I could also blame it on the half-arsed supporting characters that the game seemingly throws at you by the dozen, only to then either arbitrarily kill them off or to leave their relationship with your character hanging by a thread and incomplete. Rather I am going to attribute it to Techland’s failure to make any of the interesting features, that it implements in a seemingly laundry-list like manner, into a mainstream component that properly defines Dying Light and what it stands for. Take the game’s setting in Harran for example. Yes, Harran is a vast and spacious open-world in which players can explore to their hearts’ content. Yes Harran is both beautiful, in a morbid kind of way, and immersive. Yet Techland barely utilizes it to further engage and immerse Dying Light’s players. There is a wafer-thin amount of dynamic events in Harran, which usually exists in the form of survivors fending off zombies, or Rais’ goons sitting idly on top of one of the air-supply crates which the game sporadically generates. Harran also remains the same dreary and worn out place that it was when your character first stumbled into it like the ‘experienced’ secret operative that he is, until the moment you dispose of your main nemesis and complete the game’s main storyline. Converting one of its zone into a safehouse may result in you visually pushing or toppling a couple of shelves or cupboards over, as a form of barricading, but there is otherwise no obvious visual cues that suggest Harran is changing or evolving as a result of your character’s actions. Neither does its inhabitants become better off as you fulfil the usually tedious tasks that they set you out to do. An extreme example is the game’s escort missions, where completing one of them merely returns the relevant NPC that you successfully protected back to his or her starting spot, ready to offer you the same mission again. As a result, playing in Harran can occasionally provide a disconnected experience, one where you realize that nothing your character does ever truly matters. On the other hand, do I think that Dying Light is a game worthy of your money, even at full-price? Yes it is. The game is extremely well-polished and has a good amount of content for you to sink your teeth into. Parkouring your way through the game’s numerous side missions is also an addictive experience. I can’t count the number of occasions where I had originally set out to spend 15 minutes on one of the game’s side mission, only to have those minutes turn into hours as I explore, craft, and decapitate or bash zombie heads in. It’s most unfortunate that Dying Light’s absence of a heart and soul, as a result of Techland’s relative lack of ambition, means that it will remain a game that is a distance aways from being a truly great one. This in itself does not detract from the fact that Dying Light is through and through an entertaining game to play. And entertain you it most certainly will.
I think this game is great I loved the tank creator with all the cool gear you can get. With the freodom with the map I realy enjoyed the game.
I'm a huge King's Bounty fan. I haven't gotten too far in on Dark Side, but so far this feels pretty weak in terms of level design and pacing. For example, the catacombs had their walls just lined with eggs, and thats a LOT of clicking to collect them. There are treasures with 15k gold in the first few minutes (just unguarded and hidden away in a random corner) which is ridiculous. There were areas I could get to, but I clearly wasn't supposed to be there (because there were no enemies, all the doors were locked)... and then I had to go back and talk to a person and suddenly the area could be used.In other King's Bounties, the loot and itemization was really well distributed through the map. This isn't the case here.King's Bounty never had the greatest writing, but a couple of places it was really phoned in. Just walls of text that have nothing to do with anything. Will keep playing, maybe it gets better. But I hoped the new player experience would at least be more polished.
Borderlands 2 has the best co-op fps experience I have witnesed in a long time. I would recomend this to anyone who is into fps games and wants to have an exciting time with thire friends in this steampunk, open word adveture.
เป็นเกมแรกที่กล้าซื้อ ตอน 29$ นอกนั้นจัก 75% up
If you like giant worlds, choas, competition then Just Cause 2 and Just Cause 2 Multiplayer is for you!
I enjoy playing this game but i still cant seem to wrap my head around all the sandbox features and to be quite honest why could you be bothered? when you have ttt, prophunt, darkrp Overall a great game 9/10
I personally love this game. It's so fun and intense, every match does feel like I'm in a horror film and I f*ckin love it.Yes there are bugs with matchmaking, there are some things that still need to be ironed out but at its core it works and it's fun. This is a very great start and the developers are clearly driven to keep updating and improving the game, they're very involved with the community and they have weekly twitch streams which I highly reccomend checking out. I personally would urge anyone to buy it, I get if it's not everyone''s cup of tea but it's a fun, fast-paced game.
extremely addictive, in a pokemon-type "gotta catch em all" way. is being constantly developed on a weekly basis; new content, bugfixes, balancing. unique(?) arpg in that there is real pvp and mmorpg-style raids.
Great sandbox game with plenty of multiplayer games to play such as the hilarious trouble in terrorist town and deathrun. The amount of times I have felt literal pain from laughing too much from bsing in TTT I cannot count, Definitly worth it for the $10 I paid.
ง่ายๆๆ เเค่กดซื้อ !! คุณจะได้ไปพบ การซ่อม ยานเก็บเกี่ยวเเร่ ในต่างดาว ที่เเลกด้วยชีวิต
Shhesh, and old game from the days where I was not in an existant physical form...  Well ♥♥♥♥♥. Old and a beast game!!!
Great game, if your looking to muck around and destroy stuff!
Jogoloko, mas é legal
Greatest community game and workshop EVER!
I'll change itI LIKE IT
Cannot win a race10/10 would lose again
it will be better if it have pronunciation. but overall it is fantastic :)
castle miner z is a great game however it seems to be a complete rip off of minecraft it only adds:a new textureless mobsno hungerharderenemy spawn at any timeand more weaponsbut other wise its a good game
Terrible game you lose all your colour in 10 mins of starting you die from a 2 metre fall and the zombies insta-kill you 0/10 - me
GO play legeu of legend IF YOUR A NOOBS K NIGGERZ ? (lol jk )
IT KEEPS DISCONNTETING ME FROM SERVERS! only  the exit button works
If your a fan of RTS, a fan of sci-fi and a fan of HUGE SPACE BATTLES!This is the game for you!
░░░░░░░█▐▓▓░████▄▄▄█▀▄▓▓▓▌█ ░░░░░▄█▌▀▄▓▓▄▄▄▄▀▀▀▄▓▓▓▓▓▌█ ░░░▄█▀▀▄▓█▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▀░▓▌█  bohemia needs to reconsider their dev team ░░█▀▄▓▓▓███▓▓▓███▓▓▓▄░░▄▓▐█▌ ░█▌▓▓▓▀▀▓▓▓▓███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▄▀▓▓▐█ ▐█▐██▐░▄▓▓▓▓▓▀▄░▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▌█▌ █▌███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▐░░▄▓▓███▓▓▓▄▀▐█ █▐█▓▀░░▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓██████▓▓▓▓▐█ ▌▓▄▌▀░▀░▐▀█▄▓▓██████████▓▓▓▌█▌ ▌▓▓▓▄▄▀▀▓▓▓▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓█▓█▓▓▌█ █▐▓▓▓▓▓▓▄▄▄▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓█▓█▓█▓▓▓▐█
Robot Space Ninjas. Nuff Said
got thrown through the floor, finally the floor killed me
ok
Instantly in the first 5 minutes I was captivated by how well this works with the Halo series. A great game for when you have some down time and feel like a quick game rather than a lengthy shooter game. Personally I would enjoy this game even more than I already do if it had a multiplayer element. To sum things up it has great gameplay with nice graphics and it doesn't demand a good PC.
this is good game 10/10 but not enough naked people so 0/0
Very Game Game
This review is focused on the singleplayer aspect of this game.Pros:- Fairly nice to look at- Good sound design- Bathurst- Decent length careerCons:- Handling inferior to the original GRID- I have seen better AI in N64 racing games- AI vehicles are also far stronger than player vehicle, which causes trouble with the high likelihood of AI colliding with player- Rubbing against a wall while turning a corner may result in a sudden outbreak of the Flips- No longer has the 'build your own racing team' style of the original, which I feel makes the game less appealing- Have to pay extra for Bathurst (and on that note, there is quite a catalogue of DLC which indicates that a decent amount of content was cut from the game for DLC, the same problem was had with DiRT 3.)This is not really a bad game. However, it is inferior to its predecessor- your money would be much better spent on that.Still could be worth picking up on sale if you are a fan of the series though.
0/1
fun
Hotline Miami can be summed up in one word. Brutal. However, the act of knocking someone over with your fist and bashing their head against the floor is actually quite satisfying. You get a rush that is not only invigorating but scary when playing this game. Hotline Miami's difficuly level is quite high as well, and needs you to plany ahead to gain any ground against your opponents. Overall? Good game.
I found this quest really, really worth while. Not nessecarily a lengthy one but the idea behind this quest is great and really makes you think about the way you\'ve been playing Geralt "The Monster Slayer"  thus far in the story!
I feel rustled and I don't even know where I've been rustled.  But it was a pretty good rustling.
This game is the lovechild between Dayz, Minecraft and GarrysMod.
AMAZING IN LIFE PUNCH!!!!!!!!!!!!
Pretty bad to be quite honest
WORKS FINE FOR ME! never crashed except some stutters whenever im looking using mouse. unless im using gamepadrunning on gtx 970, amd fx 8350 8gb ram
Barrel of laughs, cheap as chips, buy it.Bring a few mates and have a jolly ol' time screaming at them if they ♥♥♥♥ you up, really is worth it.
Low FPS even in a PC that can run heavy games like Battlefield 3 or Crysis 3
XDD
it is the best portal game yet
Muuuito bom, jogo mto completo, otimo para jogar com amigos!(Very good, very complete game, perfect to play with friends!)
The gameplay is great i love it but nothing else works. The matchmaking is ♥♥♥♥, Uplay is ♥♥♥♥, I should not need to reconfigure my router to be able to play with my friends, this game is not worth $60 but you can get it for less on other websites which i am under the belief i cannot mention without the names getting censored by steam. For a triple A game it should not have nearly as many problems as it does have. However i am completely hooked at the moment and have sunk a good amount of hours into this game and i am still having fun, if you do buy this be ready to bear the agony and frustration that this game brings.
it keeps lagging anyone know how to fix
I absolutely love the game. Let's you vent out your frustration onto something that's actually evil instead of your matress.
did not enjoy.just not my cup of tea.
Yea baby
I've been waiting to have at least a month of playtime to write a review, but since day one you have pretty much everything you could expect from a game of this genre topped. I'm not a veteran of this kind of game by any means, only played Diablo 1, and not even a fan. With this game, it's a complete different story. Everything that went wrong with Diablo 1 that I can call out myself and Diablo 2 & 3 by others - as it's a constant comparison with the now ex-king of the genre - is made right in Path of Exile. It's even considered by some its rightful successor: what was expected from the latest Diablo title and just came out short. As Team Fortress 2 draws people from many likings into a first-person shooter, PoE has players who are not even that into RPG's, but there's something that lures them in: the lore, the scenery, the loot system... Something. Aside from the latency drawback, it's a game that has much to give to the hardcore players as to the casual ones. It's made by an indie company that actively hears their player base and deploys frequent content updates and fixes. Still not enough reasons to try it out? It's free to play, damn it!
Most idiotic game ever built, can't jump, the mission objectives aren't clear, can't skip cut scenes and got stuck at the beginning because they put a ♥♥♥♥ing tank on a timer with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ cover mode and no way of finding wtf the prick wants in 26 seconds.Rubbish buy.
cocoabeans 
Best game I have ever played thats in alpha
very nicely built game but hard to start an uprising
This game is unbelievably amazing!!  Exquisite storytelling + beautiful BGMs, this game needs to be made into a movie.Score: 11/10spoiler alert:the way i look at it, quite a few details, dialogues and scenes seemed to be implying the fact that it was possibly the real Johnny who died in the accident ...
this game is awesome
1. Create PG2. Name yourself kobe3. Be a solo player4. Flame when lost5. You have became Kobe10/10 for Kobe
hi guys on m personal opinion tf2 is one of the best games on steam for free. i tottally recomend it and love it so much if your new to the game i can gelp you out just join my group at this link: http://steamcommunity.com/groups/officialbrownyif you need i can teach you how to play but youll learn fast you also can play in 2 mods mvm and pvp mvm is when you hae  a team of six and you vs robots but it costs money to play. pvp is onlne servers so player vs player you can trade and sell anything pretty much and do heeps thx i recomend this game tf2 i give it a 9/10
You must be a complete ♥♥♥♥en druggo not to buy this!
OMG i'm ♥♥♥♥ing reccomend this game to anyone who love games and they want become a serius gamer!
Trine 2 is a great game. And the soundtrack awesome. The environment is beautiful and full of colour. Well worth getting!
Literally why would you not have this game? It's like, 3 billion games in one!
this game is honestly one of the best MMO's ive played, normally i like FPS more, but with this game i can sit for hours on end and not be bored, theres always something to do, great game
Most multi fun I've had since SAMP. Definitely recommend
this game is for siq cUUUntz only :)
its like skyrim gut pew pew pew bang bang lag lag    all i can say is that it is the bast pokemon game in the last 5000 years
mattteeee.
SO much to plaY!!!
Great game, i Love the chess play mechanics
10/10, would plant bomb again
The unboxing experience wasn't great... but the boxing experience was amazing!10/10 would box again
good game but ive played one game when i couldnt die but besides that it was good
its a very awesome game to play + ITS FREE
This game is fun with friends and has alot of maps it has the workshop and its really fun.
BEST MOBA EVER
Vicio puro esse game -)
Every time I play Dragon Age I think  about this game as I know it started it all and that I would not be loving RPG's without this game
ha you can't get it leo nah nah nah nah na
Think chivalry is just another sword game? Think againGiggling in the corner can throw off your oponent to the point where they don't take you seriously
:D
You can play it with one hand, good stuff.
cuz epic
You can be a ♥♥♥♥ing Purple Cat with a 20inch ♥♥♥♥♥ in Speedos!No Questions Needed! Nuff Said!10/10 
A great Sci-Fi RPG that will satisfy any sci-fi lover's game hunger
One of the best zombie (mutant) survival shooters.
There's a lot lacking in this game but it's fun once you get the hang of it, my biggest issue is that it's repetetive and there's not a lot to aim for. Still give it a go though!
good game
Love this game!  So much variety and free roam is a lot of fun.  I'm still waiting to try out co-op.
大陆暂时无法Sign In，VPN也尝试过了，不知道港台怎么样，总是会发生错误提示
DLC looks great and I'd really wish everyone would stop winging and whining about the fact they have DLC, it's better than letting a game go stale.
Muy Bueno!!
(Four Badass characters hundreds of enemeis thousands of guns and billions of hours of replayability)If you can name a game that has a higher level of BADASSERY (you cant so dont try), with badass characters badass DLC badass rave bosses and badass guns this is one of my all time favourite games if you have it ill be happy to play with you and if you dont GO AND ♥♥♥♥ING GET IT YOU ♥♥♥♥♥ DOG THATS RIGHT IM TALKING TO YOU Stitch. If i need say more about this game the bad guy in this game is for once a real bad guy and you really want to smack him up (handsome jack) and ill say that if a games story can drive you to want to kill a man then that is a 10/10 anyway
Despite the bugs, I still reccommend this game, although you may have to cheat a little if certain bugs happen.
Step one: Play game.Step two: Send llamas into space.Step Three: Get it to say "nyan"420/10
it crashes when you try to join the game but before i updated it was ok and i loved it. though it did crash alot it was still fun fending off the hords 8/10 if it worked but now its 0/10
i love the different plantes and all of the mobs some are so cute
This is by far one of the greatest game of 2013 the story is incredible and every second is hooking and exciting and intence and stressful (in a good way) this is a stunning game 10/10
Amazing game, gameplay and ending. If you havent played this yet you have NO IDEA what your missing out on. 10/10
A must play. Great graphics, great gameplay. I would also recommened the dlc's
Absoloutely love this game, it is one of the best games I have probably played so far (yes many people will have different opinions cause of different genres and crap like that but I truely love this game), and the fact that it is made by one guy is just incredible.I finally made a town where I could survive with 100 people and realise I still have a long way to go but I am still loving the game even though it can stress me to the max. I cannot wait for the mods that the community make for this game come out.The Vanilla game is great its just the Trading system is a bit confusing and hard to understand at first but otherwise this is a great game and I can't wait till the mods come out or he comes out with a different update or DLC to this (This is if he does, not saying he is or not but I wouldn't mind it if he did and would probably buy it)
its ok
E X E L E N T E!!! Jogabilidade ótima, um enredo bem feito e uma mecanica boa!!
Good game.
I did this for the badge so yeah... 
ESSE JOGO É ♥♥♥♥STICO. Só falta o multiplayer mas isso n é motivo para odiar o jogo. se vc eu um amigo tiver comprado. converse com ele por algum lugar e fiquem trocando dicasEu recomento MUITO esse jogo.
Love the game so fun :3
amazing plz make more updates to this game dont give up on it
If u like terraria and mining and blocks you will love this game  is like a mix between terraria and minecraft you have to do alot of exploring and you can travel to diffrent planets and go to diffrent solar systems also theres things called techs they allow you to have special abilities like one is a duble jump another is a floating tech overall it is a awsome game to get.
Its a really fun and awesome game to play and I think that everyone should get this game. Its just a fun game to spend time with and thats all I can say.
This game is amazing for anyone looking for a survival based game other than the stereotypical Minecraft-type game.
i havnt even been able to play because it wont work
Awesome game
One of, if not the most aesthetically impressive game I've even played.  The premise is simple yet incredibly well implemented and the story is intriguing and captivating.  Normally I don't do platformers but for this game I'm very glad I made an exception.
I used to think this game wasn't for me, but it's actually a heap of fun, albeit a little frustrating when you're not playing as well as you can.
MAN I SUCK AT THIS GAME!, its hard but extreamly fun. Cant wait for all my mates to get this game and to listen to the rage of falling off all the time as i do. Great game! LOVE IT!
MLG, 11/9 IGN Ninja pack = Rekt.
War of The Roses is a challenging, but intruigung game based on the England's 13th century civil war of the same name. Difficult to become accustomed to but remains infinitly enjoyable as you continue to, 'paint your foes red'. I see it as a Mediæval Call of Duty, as it follows a similar game structure, though the gameplay is quite different. The ability to compose your own casses is certainly a highlight of the game, with a diverse range of weapons and armour unlockable throughout the game. The game is in need of many improvements, but nonetheless I remained to find it an amusing waste of 200 hours of my life!
Guessing Steam's gonna make us wait until 10 AM Pacific Daylight Time until we can access the DLC, seeing as that's when they tend to update things. I'm beginning to think they consider 10 AM PDT as the start of their broadscast day. No matter. That Epic Fetus + Loki's Horns + Mom's Knife synergy Edmund showed on his Twitter is enough for me to wait. SPIRAL KNIFE EXPLOSIONS!!
10/10 would build dam and flood town again.
take the ♥♥♥♥ing game down its ♥♥♥♥
Studio gets sued for $40 million.Studio releases DLC to save company.DLC is highly rated.Everyone ♥♥♥♥♥ on studio.-11/10 would be grateful again
This has got to be one of the worst and most frustrating games I have ever played. Every aspect and potential fun of the game is ruined by glitches and annoyances. How long has the game been delayed now? what the hell have you even done with all this time? added jumpers and hats? not even one vehicle or anything majorly new for that fact, has been released in the standalone. granted this is still an early access game, but this joke of a game has made little to no major progress over the original mod. It is the same bland game with no vehicles, a massive map, undersatisfying rewards and takes a massive amount of time to accumulate everything you need to have a DECENT time. And that is if you don't glitch out or die from stepping through a door. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS CRAP. I have truly lost hope in the developers, i sincerely hope they bring this game back up to the standards of the arma mod version although it probably is impossible and would take 10 lifetimes. This game is a massive joke and do not waste your time with it, you should just buy arma and use the mod or epoch. This game in its current state is broken as hell and does not even deserve a rating.
I really like this game, there is a fair amount of things to do while in sandbox to keep you entertained for a little while, and if you get a bit bored, you can download extra content (for free) from the Steam Workshop; items that have been made by other players and enthusiests. Also if you get bored after all that, there is alot of other modes in multiplayer that you can play with others. I really recommend this to others.
Great StoryAppropriately Gloomy Art DesignAmazing Voice ActingAnd Puzzles That Require "Outside The Box" Thinking To SolveAn Overall Fantastic Way To Spend An Afternoon.
awesome best game on steam
awesome best game on steam
its an awesome game, but it is still in beta, so when you get it (because you ARE going to get it) expet a few bugs.
Muito bom. Comandos fluidos, diversão garantida ainda mais com a presença de amigos no multiplayer.
Papers Please is somthing completly out side of the box and I can recomend it to almost anyone. The game play is fun and quite chalanging and the story is compelling. Papers Please is one of the most interesting games I have ever played and somthing everyone should play.
EL tf2 es bueno mijoh tiene mucha logica ( no tienen nada de logica) no tienen ningun bug ( tiene muchos bugs), es un juego muy entretenido y competitivo lo recomiendo para todas las personas
Shrek is Love, Shrek is Life; This is my swamp, This is all ogre now.
This Game Is AWESOME
you know what love it yeah
Coming as an e-sport soon!
i ♥♥♥♥ing suck at this game
best fps game ever!
SAVE THE KING!This is one of my favourite LAN party games. It's easy to get into and has dark humour.If you enjoy pouring boiling oil on your friends and see them scream in agony as a trebuchet throws them across the map then this is the game for you.Highly recommended.
Great introduction to the world of Magic the Gathering.  I love testing out new cards for my real deck before Tournaments.
Moing on from COH, this game has the same style but has really mixed it up with the DLC. Hours of fun. Still wish I could zoom out to see the whole map though.
If you like Minecraft and want a new experience that is similar, yet completely different, this is, hands down, your type of game.
Awesome game based of the mod! A little bit buggy due to it being early access alpha.
Very relaxing + free. Great combination.
I've played 2 hours so far, and I haven't seen any form of life, I've built the house plus a ring of defensive walls and have been living off chocolate bars I find in suitcases scattered around the beach where I have taken refuge. I haven't yet seen a living NPC, which I hope changes soon because without the NPC's the game isn't as fun as it sounds. Other than that small issue the game works quite well for an early access game.
A Irish tankman in a British tank threw me a British gun and said it was better than my American none 10/10I grew up with Call of Duty United Offensive and thought that was the best WW2 game ever.I played Medal of Honor Airborne and thought it was too much "For America"I watched Band of Brothers and loved the authenticity and quality of the seriesI really like strategy games.Played Valiant Hearts The Great War and loved the character personality, emotional storyI was gifted Brothers in Arms Hell\'s Highway for my birthday last week.Graphics of Medal of HonorSquad based gameplayEmotional story, character personalitySound and story of Band of Brothers without the American biasOh and move over Unite d Offensive, this is my new favourite WW2 shooterHighly reccomend, definetly going to bu ythe expansions. The only negative would be it was obviously made for console so the graphics are too good for my 8GB Ram Ninvidia 2GB GTX 630, but if i turn down the resolution to 1600x1024 and shadows to low it runs smoothly. Also some of the controls are more inclined to be used with a controller. 9/10
this game is ♥♥♥♥en putrrid.0/10 doesnt deserve the 20 metacritic score that it got.
Ees Gewd
Buen juego y adictivo, te puedes llevar un buen rato jugando sin cansarte
Отличная Игра
Actually a pretty fun game when you play with a friend, Its cheap and worth it!
A fitting end to the MGS saga. Hideo Kojima\'s true "Magnum Opus"; a masterpiece. From the gameplay, to the story, to the graphics, to replay value- everything is outstanding. 10/10, a worthy purchase.
I hope you like Dust IIBecause your going to be playing it alot. >_>
At first glance, HAWKEN may seem like a fast-paced, easy to play, balanced game. You are wrong.First, I would like to point out some issues with this game:a) Instead of using your own Steam account to play, you must make a different account, which has caused me and others to    wait for long periods of time just to wait for the non-Steam account to sync with the servers.b) The Main Menu of HAWKEN is very confusing to most new players, because it is filled with lots of advertisments to buy these special packs which is preposterous, in my opinion.c) Your starting Mech looks like a friggin TV with thin limbs and legs, and to customize it (and other Mechs), you must buy some camos and decals with real money. The only other way you could customize it is to change the frame of your Mech,and  all it does is add 0.01% more colour to it.d) The Primary guns in the game have almost identical stats(as of 3/19/14), which make you waste your hard-earned rewards on things that are almost the same as your stock weapon.e) For those gamers who've played fast-paced games such as Loadout, TF2, and Call Of Duty, I would like to say that no matter what Mech that you play as, you will be slow, and it is hard to tell if you actually damaged an enemy or not.f) The HUD that you will be using in the game will make you feel like you're actually inside a Mech, which is actually nice, but if you move or walk, the interface will shake in what direction you're going, therefore making you dizzy and/or distracted by it.g) In the matchmaking of this game, no matter what level you are, you could fight anyone. So what I'm saying is that you could be Level 1-5, but you will fight people who've tested the Alpha Version of this game a long time ago, and they'll show no mercy.Overall, this game has potential, but I honestly think that the devs need to work on almost EVERYTHING to make this game more appealing to gamers who have played countless fast-paced shooters.
this is one of the best games i have ever played
 Me gusta el juego sigan adelante
Very Entertaining  & Challenging game, soundtrack is questionable, very little bugs. overall worth the money
Good game :D
I like this game because you can get help if you are new and you get great weapons asn you can also create new weapons in the workshop
A fun game with good movement but I wish the combat was fluid instead of button pressing.
Awesome game!
Absolutely yes,I've been waiting for this game ever since the announcement on steam and totally worth it 10/10
Great story, i loved it, i want the dlc now just for more
Wow. This game had me on the edge. Tears and mead powered me through this. Absolutely stunning. I haven't cried this much since episode 6 of S3 of Vikings. The combat had me a bit overwhelmed so I put it on easy and that let me nejoy the game to the fullest. Simply incredible. Skål.
A minimalistic blocky game. Day Z and Minecraft combined. Offers great features yet the game is free. 10/10.
it's not very long, but it is very good
Amazing Gameplay
A shoot 'em up game using characters from action movies. What's not to like?
You should buy this game for the soundrack ALONE and if your a gore freak...
Was GN3 now i am S4 Thanks all that hard work and dedication it took me a year to rank up to GN3 and now because of this ♥♥♥♥ing update i am now S4 thanks gaben anyway if you want to play this game be carful you might wanna rip your hair out because of the amount of (12 year olds racist,hacker,smurfers,derankers)oh and that hard earned rank you got before the update well good job trying to not lose it beacause if you even lose 1 game you will get deranked like i did(UPDATE: I ripped so much hair out of my hair because of this update i now look like a cancer patient)(UPDATE 2: I am now silver 4 and i have been hacked and my knife is gone i quit this)
This game is a bigger time killer than the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child of Civilization V and World of Warcraft.
I Like Geometry Dash Because Of How Challenging It Is
Don't take my on steam time play time as my experience with this game. I've been playing this game for years and have easily racked up 100+ Hours on it. This is a fantastic game with one of the best skill-tree desgined leveling systems I have ever seen!The story is nothing new, you're a hero of Greece off to save the world from various Gods and Demons, your usual Greek Mythos RPG but that's not the strong part of this game! This game's strong points come from, as I've already mentioned, it's skill trees - they're simply top notch.The game has no focus on PvP and with that they could focus on making some spells fantastical and simply, if the game was to have PvP, overpowered but because there is no PvP it's all fine and dandy. And even though your powers are mighty, that doesn't mean this game is easy! There are certain sections that can easily kick your ♥♥♥, especially on the higher difficulties.ALTHOUGH not all is well. If you plan on purchasing this stellar game for it's Co-Op I have sad news for you - Gamespy has recently closed it's servers for this game and it no longer supports INTERNET play (I have yet to test it's LAN functionality) and Himachi seems unable to fix this so far! So take heed if you plan on playing with friends over the net, at this moment (to my knowledge) there is no way to do so. However this game still is great as a single player experience. If you're a lover of games like Diablo this is certainly a game for you and definitely worth even it's non-sale $15 price tag.
Glad this is finally on Steam. It really is a fun MMO, love the classes in this game and the general idea of Eidolons. Isn't overly as difficult as other MMOs I've played, but it still is pretty fun, especially the higher level you are. If you're looking for a more simple yet fun MMO with action, I suggest you play Aura Kingdom. :DAdd me if you want, on Hydra server and IGN is Varshmat. c:
It's pretty much everyones' favourite aspects to a sandbox-type game mashed into one perfectly. I only just picked up the game, but I can honestly say I'll be playing it for some time.Great game, 10/10.
A brilliant game full of intrigue. The Golden Horde is a bit unfair, the combat system lets the game down when fighting an army that's larger. The Mongolians are incredibly unfair and very hard to beat. All in all a very well polished and assembled game. The DLC really make the game better. The mods are some of the best mods i've ever played or used.
Great fun and rewarding game.  Wouldm recommend to any history lovers.
Best Game I've ever played. 10/10
This game really needs stricter moderation to deal with the epic flood of useless, ignorant and pathetic teenie boppers that have corrupted the entire game thanks to let's players that like to yell at their computer screens.At the moment it is an utter joke and when Starcraft 2 Mafia the arcade mod starts looking like a better alternative you know something is wrong.Half the players can't read last wills, work out what roles are left or think even slightly critically. Most of the death notes are lines often vomited on Call of Duty. I'm amazed how quickly this game deteriorated just from some youtubers acting like pipers and luring all the rats and mice in. I can't recommend this game until the fad dies down and some of the cancer leaves. Not that it has a high chance of happening. Look at Rust and Mitosis for example.
Just do it.
A game similar to Diablo 3, but with more cartoon-ish graphics.The game alone is wonderful with its ability to choose one of four different classes, and any starting mode from Easy to Elite, including the option of Perma-Death.The story can get immersive, and one feature that really sells this game is that you can "Re-roll" your world, to make zones different every single time.I also love the fact that you have a permanent companion with you on your adventures, and that you can constantly change what it looks like as well.The addition of Mods from  the steam workshop definately makes this one of my favourite dungeon-crawler sort of games.
GOOD GAME
buen juego entretenido
Most fun I've had in a long time ;3
First game I've ever pre-ordered and will be my last.I would pay $15 max for this generic game. don't kid yourselves.
2spooky4me
เป็นเกมราคาถูกสนุกไม่เบื่อขอให้อยู่ต่อไป
2 Spooky 4 me
This is a really good JRPG not many on steam like it Con I have a 770 GT and 720p is a problem and 1080p is unplayable Historia Crux is a bit confusing if you do not pay attentionFinal Fantasy name is holding XII-2 back i get it it is not  Final Fantasy (  ) that does not make it a bad game ProsSerah and Noel are enjoyable protagonistsThe battle system is quick and easy to get used toTaming monsters is an interesting twist.The storyline introduces various, fun and simple dialogue exchanges which allow you to learn a lot about the characters past, what they want for the future.The soundtrack is incredibly beautiful.The environment is still as beautiful as ever.Moogles are adorable. I can't help but feel bad when I throw Mog Serah and Noel are bad parentsI can simply just enjoy the game, I can explore and redo things however I want. Making this one of my favorite games. 
เป็นสาสแห่งเกมแห่งเกมFPSใหม่ทีผมชอบมากไม่มีอะไรตอบสนองผมได้มากกว่านี้แล้วแล้วดีจริงๆที่ซื้อGoldมา
This is a tight little platformer with cool style.Highly enjoyable.
Bad graphics! Bad game!
Just like Age of Empires offered by Steam.  Here is another classic game that is really good for the money.  I have also preorderRise of Nations which is very similiar in style meaning game play.  That's another great classic game to own and play.  So if you like Age of Empires, I think you will like Age of Mythology.  Steam you need to bring out Empire Earth Collection as well, this would finalize a fantastic gaming collection for the die hard OleSchool gamers like me during that era for PC.
Seria algo bueno...SI TAN SOLO PUDIERA JUGARLO, cumplo y sobrepaso los requisitos del juego, no pesa nada, y aun asi nada mas al darle click a jugar tarda lo suyo en abrir y al abrir (de milagro) se queda pegado un año entero en la pantala de loading del menu principal....
fun and addictive survive survive survive
Um ótimo substituto para alguns MOBAS. Enfim, recomendadissimo!!!
S hite
Where is my survival mode with this dlc http://www.vermintide.com/dlc-plans-2015/
I bought this game
if you want to go back to the ww2 war and fight in it?then this is your game, its just amazing, but very realistic, multiplayer is not for weak gamers that sook about getting owned only for the tuff that can take a beating to give a beating...
For some context, I've played most of the Hitman games to completionThis game feels like an apology letter to fans for AbsolutionPros:Return to 'sandbox' style levels. The Paris mission is huge and would not have been out of place amongst the latter levels of Blood Money.Improved disguise system. The disguises aren't as ridiculously nerfed as in Absolution, but neither are they as OP as they are in Blood Money. Now only a few particularly perceptive people will be able to see through your disguises if you stay in their line of sight for too long. This brings the focus of the game's stealth back to hiding in plain sight, rather than sneaking in the shadows Choosing loadouts. You can choose your weapons and clothing at the start of missions again, although it seems that they haven't returned to the weapon customisation that was present in Blood Money.Great replayability. There is a large variety of ways in which you can assassinate your targets. Each level is full of unique accidents waiting to happen. There are also a number of challenges on each level that encourage exploration of both the map and methods of assassination. Completing these challenges contributes to the 'mastery rank' of the mission, which allows you to unlock things such as new starting areas and agency stashes on the map.ConsRuns like ♥♥♥. The game has some serious performance issues. Expect to turn down graphics quite a bit. Having said that, the game still holds up visually, even on low settings.Always online. It is possible to play offline, but if you are in the middle of an online session and your connection cuts out for whatever reason then you will be pulled out into the main menu and any unsaved progress will be lost. This has happened to me once so far.'Opportunities'. This can be toggled off in the menu (thank god) which I highly recommend you do. This new feature lays out explicitly all the unique ways in which you can eliminate your target. A big bulk of this game comes from exploring the level and scoping out opportunities for yourself, so turning this option off is a must.Episodic. Why fam?This recommendation is based solely on gameplay. A lot of people aren't even able to play the game due to performance issues though so buy it at your own risk.
For some context, I've played most of the Hitman games to completionThis game feels like an apology letter to fans for AbsolutionPros:Return to 'sandbox' style levels. The Paris mission is huge and would not have been out of place amongst the latter levels of Blood Money.Improved disguise system. The disguises aren't as ridiculously nerfed as in Absolution, but neither are they as OP as they are in Blood Money. Now only a few particularly perceptive people will be able to see through your disguises if you stay in their line of sight for too long. This brings the focus of the game's stealth back to hiding in plain sight, rather than sneaking in the shadows Choosing loadouts. You can choose your weapons and clothing at the start of missions again, although it seems that they haven't returned to the weapon customisation that was present in Blood Money.Great replayability. There is a large variety of ways in which you can assassinate your targets. Each level is full of unique accidents waiting to happen. There are also a number of challenges on each level that encourage exploration of both the map and methods of assassination. Completing these challenges contributes to the 'mastery rank' of the mission, which allows you to unlock things such as new starting areas and agency stashes on the map.ConsRuns like ♥♥♥. The game has some serious performance issues. Expect to turn down graphics quite a bit. Having said that, the game still holds up visually, even on low settings.Always online. It is possible to play offline, but if you are in the middle of an online session and your connection cuts out for whatever reason then you will be pulled out into the main menu and any unsaved progress will be lost. This has happened to me once so far.'Opportunities'. This can be toggled off in the menu (thank god) which I highly recommend you do. This new feature lays out explicitly all the unique ways in which you can eliminate your target. A big bulk of this game comes from exploring the level and scoping out opportunities for yourself, so turning this option off is a must.Episodic. Why fam?This recommendation is based solely on gameplay. A lot of people aren't even able to play the game due to performance issues though so buy it at your own risk.
♥♥♥♥ ... Simplesmente ♥♥♥♥ primeiro comentários em jogos..  !
One of the best multiplalyer games with hilarious gameplay and endless hours of fun and customization.
this game is soooooo good i love it and it has talking lego
I LOVE THIS GAME !
a
fun puzzle game, very addictive.
great fun to be had, really great idea...could buff the monster at stage one, I find the monster dies to quickly in some matchesfind a alpha code or pre-order for this great gem.
Half-Life 2 is a beautiful adventure you get to feel a part of.Stay tuned for an indepth review.
Great Game to play with friends, whether its creation or just outright murder. A good laugh and definetly recommend buying.
Ninjas, space, guns, swords, salad. what else do you need?
Really fun
CS:GO is a really fun game to play with friends, with the competetive and the casual gameplay makes an outstanding gameplay, not to mension the graphics of the game are outstanding, keep up the good work valve for the up coming skins and updates, thanks for an awesome game
Awesome sandbox game, dlc is fun and worth it, fun to kill stuff and collect the yellow weapns!
Fun Game
My fave game
Very fun game, but it is a little bit short. It's ok I'll play it anyway :P
I loved this game from start to finish. I have not cried in a very long time but I got so attached to the people that I could not help myself on the last walk. Of course I recommend that you go on this adventure for yourself and find out more about the horrors, but also the little pleasures, of war.
Awesome game, cant wait for new features to come out :)
If this game was any better, it'd give you pizza. Liam Neeson like a mofo
Typically I don't like online multiplayer games, especially online FPS because they're all about winning and who can get the most kills - not that exciting. TF2 is different though -I absolutely love the characters, different classes, weapons, game mods, maps, hats and miscs, and the community. I'd recommend trying it, really addictive.
Undertale is a great game, when i first saw people playing this on youtube i thought looks good but still not gonna get it, then i saw a couple of my steam friends playing it, I asked them how the game was and they all up gave the same answer but not the same way, then i went a got the game for my self and all i can say is, the characters are charming the story is great and the best part for me is Sans, with his puns, they keep tickles my funny bone.
♥♥♥♥ game 0/10
YES,Its A All Sandbox Game But With HL2 Graphics Also You CAN DO WHATEVER+Amazing Love The Gmod Community
A friend and i got into a party to start the campaign. We started buffering for a game and then i joined one and he didn't. So basically we were in the same party and we somehow we got seperated and couldn't join the same game. Would love to review some of the gameplay but this is as far as we got before we switched back to having more fun playing TF2. Has amazing potential, but i honestly don't think it will get to the same stage as the games alike i.e. TF2
This game is terrible, it has massive maps with nothing in them. Spawning you, at times, 5 minutes away from the objective  (the only point where hostiles spawn). it is also extremely glitchy.
so much fun!!!! best sandbox game ever!!
T-Boned a car, whilst going 323km/h down a road, launching it vertically 20 meters in the air and 30 meters down the road.Respawned from the crash, car is still in the air10/10 would Crash againEdited Proper Review as of 11/12/2014.Warning 'The Crew' is not a Simulation racing game, it is an ARCADE Racer.if you are looking for a decently fun racing game to play. 'The Crew' is a considerable choice for this.There are few issues however with the game such as.The Cops and pursuers are OP, especially so in the earlier levels of the game. Later on as you become a higher level, they do become less OP, but are still OP but not to the same level as they were when you first begun the game. The cops aren't that hard if you know how to use the Specs of cars properly. There is a large number of people complaining about this issue, most likely a majority of these people, have no clue how to drive each of the specs of cars correctly. (Don't be one of these people, learn the specs correctly).Warning, this isn't a Racing Simulator don't be like the Racing Elitest like those that are prowling the Forums.'The Crew' does have some other teething issues, such as occasional lag during co-op missions, Lack of connectivity to other players and difficulty connecting to friend when attempting to join each others crew's (I'm from a country that the national average internet speed is 10 mbps, and the lag isn't even that horrendous for me) .  These issues, are considered to be Teething issues, as the game hasn't even ben out for 2 full weeks yet, the people ♥♥♥♥♥ing about all of these issues aren't taking this into consideration, and these people aren't taking in to consideration that almost no games at launch are 100% Glitch Free / 100% Bug Free / Balance correctly / have no lag and connection between players is working correctly.This being said 'The Crew' is actually quite an enjoyable game to play, as summarised, there are a balancing issues, connectivity issues, etc If you are thinking of purchasing this game, honestly if you don't mind not playing with some friends or dealing with occasional OP AI pursurer/cops, then you should definitely purchase this game.If any of these issues do effect you eg occassional Lag, connectivity issues with friends or you get really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ at the cops for some reason, as if you have a deep seeded issue with all forms of Law Enforcement. Then i would wait a bit for these issues to be fixed by ubisoft.7/10 (would be 8.5 or 9, if the connectivity issues and balancing issues were corrected :D )
muito daora mano !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I like it, I like it alot
ยอดเยี่ยม ก็ลองเอาไปเล่นดู หนุกดี!
bom:D
HERMOSO *-*
Fun, but unstable.If I were to rate it out of 5, it'd miss out by only one star to be a 4 out of 5 simply because of how many times the game has either froze or outright crashed. In addition, the graphics are somewhat underwhelming, but the gameplay more than makes up for that.Now... If there's only a way to make the rear-view mirrors actually behave like rear-view mirrors in Driver San Francisco... Currently they display a zoomed in portion of what is ahead of you (instead of showing what's behind). Quite odd to say the least.
really fun game might need some fixing on some glitches but still fun
Amazing Game with great graphics and beautiful unique features. I have played this game since September and when i first got into a server it blew my mind! I definitely recommend this fantastic game to people who like to chill and have a good time on PVE. But i'm not a PVE person. I'm more of a PVP type of guy, so when i joined the first Pvp server there was action straight away. Just one warning for new players that are thinking of buying this game... Watch out for big tribes that will come on the server looking innocent then before you know it blow up your base and kill all your dinos overnight. (I'm talking generally the asians). Also one last thing, you have to tweak a couple of settings to make it run smoother for people who don't have beefy computers like me.Anyway i give this game a 9/10 because although it's great and all... There is some lag and problems here and there. - Majormelk
If survival games are your thing, hit it.
Great game 10/10
This game or interactive story as one might call it is truly remarkable. All though only one episode has been released I was already drawn into the world of the Fables and felt a genuine connection to each charcter I met. The choices you have to make really help you shape how you want Bigby (the main character) to act and be viewed by others. Do you tear off this monsters arm thats been attacking you or walk away .Do you go to one destination before another possibly leading to unknown consequences. I loved this decisions and am interseted to see where they take me in future episodes. 9.5/10
To play this game would be sommething that someone would hate but one person needs
AWESOME! NUFF SAID!
This is a game that I really do not like... The whole back story to it is good but like it is not a game for serious gamers!!
Fukn baller m8Where is Charles Lee? Making love to Haytham on a bed of Connor's childhood trauma that's where.
This game needs major attention, cant load into servers, cant play solo, cant load anything, changing memory options does not help, causes computer to freeze even though my comptuer has 8GB of ram and well over recommnded requirements, causes crashes, game becomes unresponsive, not responding, client error. Right now I regret buying this game. Opinion and review may change in future, when this game is fixed.
eu ganhei muitas ♥♥♥♥♥ jogando isso,recomendo pra quem quer uma suruba toda noite!
While this game may appear to be free to play, it will rip your wallet a new one.10/10 GG Valve
this game is the best off road game i have played by far. But my logitech G27 stearing wheel and the brake comes on when i take my foot off the throutle and i don't think it should because it makes it harder to change gears. Can you guys fix that at all it would be verry helpfull.
GR8 GAME M8 I R8 8/8
muito bom, a histstoria e a jogabilidade sao fantasticos e concerteza vai dar a todos muitas horas de diverçao
Really good game. Probably the best story ever.
Best Gamer ive ever played 10/10(Hat simulator)
I recommend this game to anybody that has a sweet tooth for first-person shooters, however, i also recommend to only play competitive. Why? People actually care about each other instead of kicking them as soon as they get into the game.Casual games are filled with nothing but ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s that just want to put you down for anything you have wrong with you:Bad Ping? = GoneYou like something that most people don't agree with?: GoneCan't clutch cus you aren't a pro?: GoneMeanwhile in Compet, People are only kicking each other only if they were trolling the entire team by throwing the game on purpose or assisting the enemies the sickest way they can.So please, buy the game, enjoy it while you can, play compet, but casual, I recommend avoiding that mode until you can pull off the meanest of tricks. Overall, fantastic game with no problems except the community putting you down for just trying your best, not the best impression on new players.
IT IS VERY NICE AND ADDICTIVE! TRY PLAYING IT!
This is a Great Game its Gory, Beautiful, Stunning, Stupid, Funny and just simply AWSOME !!!!!!! ITS WORTH THE MONEY
This game was good when more people played it. Now it takes atleast 5-10mins to find a match. I have spent $50 on this game and regret it because of the lack of players.
This is by far the best fps made by valve or any other developer, it is the perfect game for competitive play, I would recommend this game to anyone new on steam.
good job
Pretty swole
the game where lee is black
This game is hard and challenging game but you a great feel to it when you finsh a levelLet not forget the amazing soundtrack and the visuals 9/10
Old as hell and still the best online fps shooter around.
gg
if you love zombie games, you must play this masterpiece !
Dead Bits is a basic and simple game, I enjoyed it.  It's a great game if you'd like to kill some time, very colourful and enjoyable (:
Amei o jogo, recomendo d+++++++++
- A fun and enjoyable adventure.- Brings out your creativity and stupidity.- But very limited, so it needs some updates.
- A fun and enjoyable adventure.- Brings out your creativity and stupidity.- But very limited, so it needs some updates.
A very casual, relaxing, easy fun game to play. Would reccomend to anyone who wants to take a break from hard games and play as shrek. 11/10
One word: Fantastic.
A Hideo Kojima Game
This is the best Naploleonic war game I have ever played online. It would be alot beater if you played with friends :) Get the the collection edition.
Overkill took microtransactions out! They actually listened to the fans! No longer boycotting!
-Plays as the Fuhrer-Buys german tanks-Superior german engineering does all the work-USA? ded-Soviet Russia? ded-United Kingdom? ded10/10 would ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ dat ♥♥♥ againOpinion about the game:Not the most realistic RTS game of the series (Strategic position?????) but probably the best Men of War, thanks to the freedom it gives to the player to command any army during WW2.Plus I love the fact that the german tanks are exactly as they were during the Third Reich, superior and powerful (Love German engineering <3)
Counter Strike Global Offensive or CSGO is a great game because you can play with friends on compettitive or play by your self on casual.
Locão
Played a little bit of this game. Seems fun
Muito bom
Jogo muito bom recomendo a todos jogarem, ei wallas vou jogar com voce
Unknown error in story mode? really?
Este juego me parece muy bueno pero aun mas los TTT pero lo que me disgusta es que tarda bastante en descargar los mod (Zombies , TTT , etc)
truely one of the best games to come 2014. when this baby is out of beta all the other survival games better be running.features of the game will continuoisly get better with many added features that were in the very popular mod and its other mods this will be a must buy.you know a game is good when a mod has a mod.best servival out there good with friends.
this game is csgo/10would recommend buying it
Do not, under any circumstances, play this game.It will consume your life until you have none. You will not be able to stop playing.
Terraria is so fun, just like 2-D Minecraft, but better. When I bought this game I though "Well thhis might be a waste of my money. -_-"  Than I went on Terraria and now i\'m addicted to it, hope you get Terraria, it\'s really fun, and i\'m so excited!
Good game for a mod
Great game; very fun.
Excellent game. Well worth picking up if you are a fan of Arkham Asylum. The narrative isn't as strong as its' predecessor due to  the open world nature, but it is still very good. Highly recommend.
This is a truely heartwarming story. One of the best I've had the opportunity to experience.It is a fantastic game, with the unfortunate requirment of having to use uplay.
Sick game brah
It is a very good first person shooter and great for someone who doesn't want to spend a fortune. Skins also add another level to the game. 4.8/5
Amazing Gameplay, Amazing Characters, AMAZING GRAPHICS
Thoroughly enjoyed playing this game with a couple of friends. Really looking forward to the upcoming pre-sequel coming out Real Soon Now. My thanks to 2K games.
what do you think this game is going to be like  It's a ♥♥♥♥ing valve game just download it already M8 !!! 
cars with rockets
2 realistic 4 me m8
This isn\'t my first CoD game (I played 2 and 4 at LANs years ago), but it\'s my first that I\'ve bought. I\'ve clocked up 4.6 hours on it immediately after installing, and it\'s good. All the reviews bagging it are the same you always see- complaints about the "netcode" as though they know what the hell they\'re talking about (care to be more specific since you\'re all experts?), complaints that it\'s too similar to previous versions (it\'s a sequel, duh. It\'s meant to be the same game but upgraded and with a new storyline in the same genre), complaints about the differences being gimmicks (if they kept it the same, what then? They need these gimmicks, we want them, it sells games), and individual bugs that only some experience- I\'ve had none. But if you go through the review comments, you\'ll see that anyone who isn\'t having a cry is saying it\'s the best CoD yet. I\'ve read this MULTIPLE times on different sites. I\'ve played two hours singleplayer and 4.6 hours multiplayer without a break today. It\'s a good game! I had a good time! If you\'re sick of CoD, you wont like it because it\'s CoD, but if you want MORE CoD but with a different flavour, this is a fun and refreshing change to the franchise. Double jumps, futuristic perks and weapons, laser guns... what more do you want? Cyber dogs??
Almost 9 months, and still in early acess Alpha?..... Do not waste you time and hard earned money, this game is clearly in development hell, and it dosen't look to be leaving it any time soon.
Very good
me likey
fdsaf
This is a really fun game espessially in beta stage and the gold version gives you so much more stuff for only $5.00 although I wish there was a mode that you could practise on because heading into the game with no practise at all is a little hard.
It was a great game
4 years later and still better than codOf course it is
♥♥♥♥in awesome
dont get costom hud
♥♥♥♥in awesome
dont get costom hud
Go play it...
Op as ♥♥♥♥.
DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!Ok - I didn't do any research on this... Just saw Deus Ex and assumed it would be new DLC like The Missing Link.Biggest mistake I've made in a long time. This game was made for for apple ipads and iphones using only touchscreen controls, then ported to pc...badly. I would have thought that the developers would have tweaked the controls and graphics for the modified crystal engine that Human Revolution used. Did they? No - they used the Unity engine that they used for iOS and seem to have paid absolutely no attention to converting touch controls for mouse and keyboard.As a result the game is virtually unplayable and Eidos has shafted many loyal fans for the sake of easy profits.P.S. For once, Twilight is a better love story than this game
gotta love these sorts of games, you get your choice of 4 races, 2 are locked btw, and you get your choice of 9 classes, but if you want to play the first 3 or last 3, your female, but if you want the middle 3, then your male. also their idea of a non-target system is that the system will auto lock onto anything near your cursor, so its not actually a non-target system. oh, and before i forget, its just funny to watch everyone attempting to jump over the fence, but the devs messed up the jump system, so all you see is 4-12 people all stuck on the fence in the jump animation.
Some of the best fun I've had with a game in the last 5+ years
Got family?Got friends?Not anymore you don’t.
It's pretty gewd
Still missing Diablo 2 even though Diablo 3 is out? Then this is the game for you!!
This game is like my girlfried. Takes up all my time & attention. I don't own a girlfriend.
SOOOOOOOOOOOO GOOOOOOOOOOOD
Xenonauts takes the classic UFO enemy unknown game that entertained so many early PC gamers and makes it accessible for a whole new generation. Far deeper than the (still enjoyable) Firaxis Xcom remake, Xenonauts returns base building and a deep research tree, as well as base assault and defence and far higher levels of customisation.A great game!
Really good game! Hope it will be even better when more traits & weapons come out.
So far, this game is amazing. The gameplay mechanics is what we waited many years for, the perfect combat mixed with the perfect stealth and the perfect parkour. All of that in the beautiful city of Paris fully re-imagined.Performance-wise, there may be some small issues, but that should not stop you from enjoying the game. It still performs incredibly well for the content it has. The crowds feel so much alive, the city never feels dead as it could sometimes in previous games.The storyline is also what people wanted: a new Ezio mixed with the suffering of Connor and the wiseass comments from Edward. The cast, performing together, make this game feel like a book coming to reality along with the many references to French Culture, specially books like the Three Musketeers and others from Dumas. Definitely worth picking up.
eh
FIIINNNNALLLYYYYY!!!!!!
10/10 i now have no life cause of this game
One of the best FPS that actually let you "feel" each and every hit you make!
k
Closest thing to handling a gun without the stupid gun laws.
BEST STAR WARS GAME EVER MADE
Otimo
Great GamePROS:-Price, I got it on sale for $5-Cute and Awesome Graphics, absolutely loved that graphics.-Good strategy is needed and it isnt too complicated either-No in game purchases-Different Maps -They have CHAMPIONS!-You dont really get that bored because new strategy is needed for every level-Not as complicated as like a DOTA or something, its simple and easy to get the hang of.CONS:-No multiplayer-Does get a little repetitiveOverall its a good game, I really enjoyed and I recommend it as well.GOOD LUCK
kill all son of a ♥♥♥♥♥es
this a a great, casual attempt at a serious game that is done perfectly well. would have to recomend
this a a great, casual attempt at a serious game that is done perfectly well. would have to recomend
Just no.
My family and friends have now disowned me, but at least I've got my catgirls.
The best Truck Simulator I've played, it's really simple but really fun, I like driving my truck and listening to the music and enjoy the time.
play it. NOW!
good
The only thing good about this game is the ambient sounds.
amazing
Good game,good graphics and the gameplay is excelent.
มันสาส
Ate bread and got drunk 11/10
This is a fun game
Kerbal Space Program is a great space simulation game (with Rocket building!), something I had always wanted to play but never found the game to do it in.Stock KSP can be fun, don't get me wrong but where this game shines is in it's huge range of mods available which can really enhance gameplay (Think Communication relays, building ships in space, more engines etc)
Oh my god this game is good, The art style makes the story all the more interesting. The characters are amazing, the gameplay is fun and the puzzles aren't too obscure. overall this is an amazing game and if you don't have it yet I can say it is well worth your money
Great game....
Great Game, Very intense, although when you get banned the cooldowns times get a bit........ ♥♥♥♥. Dont try and get banned if you wanna play competitive
Muito ruim devia ser de graça
Very intresting and fun. ALS`O THE BEST TELL A TALE GAME EVER
this is one of the best games ever released well best mod 6 out of 5 stars
Good game to pass the time :D
This game is still the best Early access game available. Even when its not on sale its still worth it. Still the best game devs 10/10
You start playing and you suck its alright cause you know one day you will get good. You decide that to get better you need to watch some youtube videos so you end up at the Warowl's youtube chanel after 7 years of grinding death match you reach rank 3 and start playing competative you get to meet people who are bad just like you but wait one guy on the other team is destroying you. The score is 0-10 and the game looks to be over the guy destroying your team admits to being a smurf and he swiftly ends the game how embarasing. After a few games of this you start to see these skins that you like so you look at purchasing these skins you look at purchasing a knife but they are $250 you think thats alot for some pixels so you turn to the cases to try and unbox that knife you buy 10 keys and start unboxing but you dont seem to be lucky after finally grinding your 10 competative wins you make it to silver 2 and you think im gonna be the greatest player of all time. 1 year down the track you now lost everyone you ever loved but who needs them when you have skins now you are losing all your games to hackers so you resort to smurfing so you can make fun of people that you were like once.
short, but funny and a lot of references in the game
Top Game, full of action.
yes
This game is BEST
The game is good, fun so play, but its a bad port.Now im going to give the benefit of the doubt as it is only the beta.I say wait for release and if its still quite bad get it for console.
Not for people looking for action such as left 4 dead. The story however is engaging and keeps the player anticipating and guessing.
Worth the play, brings back good memories. Excellent port too!
i like napoleon and i like napoleon total war too
pretty radical
Juegaso , entretenido, historia genial y lo mejor es su banda sonora!!!
f
When I was a boy, I excelled in everything but one. Bag throwing. I was joked at and laughed at about not being able to throw a bag. I was in a really dark place, but then I found Payday 2. Slowly, I started to copy their exact bag throwing techniques, until eventually I became a master of bag throwing. I went on to win a gold medal in bag throwing at the London Olympics. All I have to thank, is this game.
10/10If you like smash bros and you have dignity play this gam3 cause it good yesh.
Better then gta5 10/10
I've only played for what seems like a few hours, seems pretty engrossing.
this is just amazing GREAT GRAPHICS and Awesome gameplay
I love the terraria meets space feel of this game and it is a great game
fez is one of those games you can just turn on ya computer and play 10 mins over and over again. the game starts of as a very simple 2d platformer  but when the fez is unlocked the game takes a whole new perspective literaly. great game 8/10
You shoot poop. You eat Poop.8/8 m8
Easily  10/10, it is one of the best games i have ever played.  The story line is amazing in my opinion, Graphics are amazing everything about this game is amazing
♥♥♥♥ing sucks
A brilliant game from the 90's which will never truly grow old. Half-Life's gameplay is a mixture of a first person shooter with a platformer. I rate it 10/10.
Really fun game its a must buy if you like the GTA franchise.
10/100000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
As an avid fan of both, Picross and Minesweeper, this game was like heaven. It's a bit short and only the last few levels are at all challenging, but it is lots of fun and definitely worth $3 and a couple of hours.
good game
good game
Dude, same
Hello!Game - MyDreamCreator(s) - MyDream InteractiveReviewer(s) - MiKapp1tMyDream is an immersive game; from the splash screen, the log-in screen and to the loading screen, I felt excited. It's a game with an extremely high indie standard, and aims for nothing less. MyDream has many outstanding aspects, and understandably, as it is a new game, also has a couple minor flaws, but with the dedication of the developer(s), MyDream will undoubtedly address these small issues. MyDream is an online first-person world creation simulator with an interesting concept which is what makes the game unique, as users create and build their own worlds and then publish them to the community so others can join and so forth. MyDream contains simple yet decent graphics, enthusiastic music and sound, basic controls and community based content. The main problem I encountered was a minimal to no Oceanic community and lag on Mac, however I believe other area of the world have decent servers and a lively community and if you're playing on PC, then you're in for a good time.Plus:+ Simple yet decent graphics+ Enthusiastic music and sound+ Interesting concept+ Basic controls+ Community contentMinus:- Minimal to no Oceanic servers- Lag on MacVerdict:7 / 10For more game reviews and giveaways, visit Official MiKapp1t's Mates!
oooo como me encanto este juego desde un principio, lo estuve esperando desde el año pasado, no me arrepiento haber comentado desde que se lanzo el dia de ayer, estaba tan ansioso por jugar este juego, que no me dio ni tiempo para comentar, (llevo pocas horas de jugado por tema de trabajo) el que quiera jugar un co-op conmigo manden solicitud ;D.
This game is utter ♥♥♥♥. The hit boxes are ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and all the ♥♥♥♥ing global elite smurfs playing in silver ranks is beyond a ♥♥♥♥ing joke.10/10 would play
Aight for starters, this game looks mad but the gameplay is aight... after you put in a lot of time and effort to get your ♥♥♥♥ together. So much cancer and respawning for the first 90 levels, it gets better once you're about level 90 and above.You will encounter countless amounts of virgins who dedicate their lives to this game, as I have encountered many, getting ♥♥♥♥♥ every time. To counter that, I have a lifeless virgin who leads me and I use to bait, SmashDog. Weapons don't really matter as much as it would in CS:GO how skins make you better, but the guns in the game do have special stats or abilities, some are utter ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. It's all skill and tactics, two things that I do not possess therefore this game is too hard.The thing that makes me continue to play this game is the strive to unlock useless ♥♥♥♥ like max level abilities that make no ♥♥♥♥ing difference. The community is crazy funny and nice, unless you're KevinRudd. Each faction has their unique skills and weapons, which I call all of them OP because I'm toxic. The one thing I would like to change is the customizing of characters, there's armors and camos that you can buy but none of them are nude :( pls add nude armor
good game
Corinthians Simulator
This is one of the nicest looking shoot'em ups I have ever played.Runs perfect on my PC, which is an Intel Core i7 2700k with an NVidia GTX 660TI and 16GB RAM on Windows 10 1607 update.Has some cool weapons and plays great!My own critism is it would be better if some of the in game options would work with an XBox 360 controller, eg, to restart a level rather than having to use the mouse.Highly Recommended Purchase!
This game is one of the best FPS games around, you can customize your hats or play the game (only achivement idle servers) with other people (max on Valve servers 24, others, 32). Once you get good at TF2  will be able to trade with others for , weps, metal, hats and many more. This game has a lot of updates that make it feel fresh and new (End of the Line was "the best" update) for players who have been playing the game since 2007 (or later, cant remember when it came out). You could also get into comp, if you win you could get a medal (trust me its better than it sounds) or you could just not win and play other fun gamemodes like, surf (Boom Boom), MvM (FOR THE LOLZ), cp_hydro (what is that?) or just some Valve server (always a guy with hats on, i can never kill skrubs without being sniped). So there you have it one of the best (plz keep updating), most fun (unless you get rekt), FPS balenced (Disable Team Balance) games.P.S - Dont play pyro in Mann Up MvM with zero tours (you will get kicked)
I found it enjoyable, especially with tons of friends. I hope to get further than day 20 soon, I know, noobish.I'm doing this for a badge.
It will take no time to play, it's a tiny download, there are no jumpscares, that is all you need to know and all you should know before going into this, just play it.
THIS GAME IS ♥♥♥♥ING SICK. ROPING ♥♥♥♥♥ UP AND CLING CLANGIN OTHER ♥♥♥♥♥ WHILE YOU TALK TO A BAE IS ♥♥♥♥ING HECTIC BRO
This game is really one of a kind, and one of the best games I have played. I was really blown away with how well it played with my emotions because of the incredible story. The characters just have so much... character, which really makes this game amazing to me, along with this the music just adds so much to the story and has the ability to make you feel happy one minute and sad the next. I would recommend this game to anyone, it really is just amazing and I can't think of anything bad to say about it.
One of the very few games where you get sastisfaction out of spending hours to create the perfect highway. 11/10
This is the result if DayZ and Minecraft had a love child.
strangely it wont allow me to join a server anyone got any sagestions
VERY minor glitches until you get to the 2nd area then glitches happen alot, particularly graphical glitches. i have been screen captíng them and will be posting and sending the pictures.
Tf2 Is A mad gane it has a badass ftp system
เอาไปเลยเต็ม 10
i modded till it crashes and now it's unfixable
Team Fortress 2 is a good free to play game and it is also a different sort of first person shooter with blood,guts and gore.If i wereto rate tf2 out of 10 i would  rate it 8.5/10
Team Fortress 2 is a good free to play game and it is also a different sort of first person shooter with blood,guts and gore.If i wereto rate tf2 out of 10 i would  rate it 8.5/10
waiting on sfx to make the pc version looks better and run smoother!
Fun, Classic and an excellent game in the elder scrolls series. Fear not of paid mods as they are scheduled to be removed
Um jogo de estrategia bom ...
Live. Die. Repeat.
love this game
GOATY all years
Ignore the bugs and you'll have a good time. Sometimes it can be a bit frustrating, but overall I found this game quite enjoyable. Controlling your hits and swings to conserve stamina and your weapons longevity is really interesting.It takes some getting used to that there's no AI director spawning random zombies (I've been spoilt by L4D) so you will get the same undead experience in co-op or solo - co-op simply makes it more fun and of course killing zombies gets a little easier. I recommend co-op for the experience, but at the same time it can be annoying if you want to level a certain character but can't get all of your co-op friends online. However there is an open mode where you can play with strangers if you're game enough to gamble.Yes the jump animations are silly beyond belief, but this is part of the charm when playing co-op. Ultimately you're in it to have fun, so when physics has a moment and sends zombies flying into walls, or fallen limbs duplicate, it may remove you from the game but it's still hilarious when it happens. It's the kind of game you can reminisce about later, guaranteed to give you funny stories.It's definitely got a lot of hours of playability with the story, side quests and various collectables. The islands areas are huge and there's certain places you can go, like the Quarantine Zone in the city, that offer tougher challenges and larger waves of infected. Once you reach the jungle, you can even find a cabin with Jason, a machete-wielding maniac wo can be a tough fight depending on your level and what weapon mods you've got equipped (but come on, we all know the shock mods are the best).I'd say if you're in two minds about this game, watch some playthroughs on YouTube or borrow a friend's copy to try before you buy. Me, I think it's fun.
cadbury chocolate is nice
Good game. Team work is key and it can be a good place to make mates.
It's A good game
a fool not to play this game
Awesome fast paced, mech based game.
There are no words that can describe my love of this game.Best. Game. Ever.
Pretty good.
fantastic options to play different styles and change approach immediately. Balance between play styles is its strength
fantastic options to play different styles and change approach immediately. Balance between play styles is its strength
To think such a simple game would be so entertaining.Loaded with hilarious dialogue and thousands of surprises, it needs to be played to be believed.
Stay away from this pile of "steam"ing turd.. possibly the worse game ive ever played..
Definetely not worth it
fun I suppose♥♥♥
9.6/10
HOW TO PLAY MULTIPLAYER TELL ME
It has big maps, masiive amounts of players and awesome tanks and aeroplanes. You have to get it!
extremely addictive! you never whats gonna come out next love this game.
Its just so fun
great game this is very fun for those who like building games like minecraft but wanted a bit more from it5 out of 5 stars
This game is great. I could spend all day every day playing.
FREKEN AWESOME GAME, would reccommend for anyone whose looking for a challenge
Very good game.Salty community lmao
可
nicely passed and fun also freee! so get it 7.5/10
like the gameplay but the replayability of the bosses is a real game breaker, you can just grind up leg's for new ones without farming much
yesyesyesyes
Awesome game! I r8 8/8 m8 dont h8 and don8 plox
Very fun game for the laughs and giggles especially when you die to the most stupid things. Thes best part is unlocking the multitude of characters available for you to fight with. The bad things is the game can be glitchy when playing online with your friend. Get the bugs sorted and it's a great game.
I feel dirty.....
คิดไม่ผิดจริงๆ ที่ซื้อมา
I really loved this game,  it was a bit of a downer at the end, but that was because of the choices i made. i loved the art style, it seems the old bit style graphics are the only way developers can get away with such adult themes.  love, sex, murder,suicide and conundrums of morality, if you enjoy roleplaying any of these you will love this game. i wish i had the time to replay this game over and over and discover alternate storylines. this game really made me think after i had finished it about my own moral values and this i rare for a game to effect me at all. also i appluade the option to choose to be a gay or lesbian character, being gay myself it really made me associate with the protagonist and care about the game.
THE ENDING. WHY YOU DO THAT TO US I COULDN KILL CHLOE BUT THE FEELS I WASNT EXPECTING THAT
the darkness 2 is a good game i like verry much but all i was angry with was how quick the game finished it only took me 5 hours to complete otherwise it is a fun game 7/10
es como si quicieras aprender a limpiar
got to kill my mum so many times, 10/10
"Not CoD"   -2/10 IGN
Honestly this game has amazing potential, it is fun to play, you can just sit down, and drift, its fun, of course this game is ever improving and it will eventually (Hopefully) become a really popular game. The biggest issue i have is the fact that the controller support is bugged, you try and drive the throttle and brake are constantly being used even when you arent pressing the buttons\\triggers, hopefully this is fixed very soon. all in all, a great game, keep it up guys.
basically what a game by David Lynch would look like
Man, this game ♥♥♥♥ing rocks... and I got it at a steal...It's a little less open world as GTA, and much smaller world... but great characters, some funny dialogue, serious story line but not too depressing. Awesome!
Don\'t get me wrong. Robocraft is a perfectly good game and all, but I do not recommend playing it. I will address why towards the end of the review. For now, let me address the critical aspects of Robocraft as a whole.GameplayThe Gameplay ranges from average to great - solely depending on how serious your teamates are about winning. The game consists of you and your team building whatever vehicles you want and setting about demolishing the other team. As of the date this review was made, you can have access to 5 different ways to blow the enemy sky high: SMGs, Plasma Cannons, Railguns, Tesla blades and a Nano-beamer which can restore allies vehicles. You can stack Tesla blades with other guns, but you can\'t have an SMG with a Railgun. The problem is that these are not very well balanced: Railguns are far worse than Plasma cannons, just as an example. Remember how I said that the battles can range up to great depending on your teammates? If you are using a railgun, you are literally dependant on your allies protecting you while it is recharging. And it takes a long time to do so, during which you are more vulnerable than a snowflake in a volcano, for lack of a better analogy. And since blowing up enemy vehicles is a part of the game, you can blow up individual parts of the enemy vehicles - in the time in takes for you to read this review up to here, you can now fire your railgun again, except you can\'t because someone has blown it up. Now you have to wait for someone else to come across and restore your guns so you can defend yourself. And now you are dead because your healing ally is busy polishing someone else\'s vehicle. And this happens more often than not. I should mention that the tier system in place for research (yes, research requires you to acquire Tech Points in varying tiers, and unless you pay real money, there is no way to cross-tier your Tech Points) is not that great - more than once have I seen Nano-beamers (which are acquired at Tier 7, minimum) used in a Tier 2 or 3 match, I have once had the pleasure of seeing an enemy using a Tier 10 Plasma in Tier 4 - Ouch is a massive understatement. At least now you have boss fights where a lot of T4s can fight a big, bulky, one-shotting T10. But this happens so rarely it might as well not have been implemented.There are items you can acquire to help you stealth your way around the map, such as Radar Jammers, but then the enemy can just spot you by pressing Q - which makes you very obvious to every enemy on the map - so there isn\'t a point. Also, only two parts of your vehicle - the pilot seat and the block it is sitting on - determine life or death.In order to acquire better stuff, you either pay endlessly (It takes at least $20 and a lot of grind to unlock everything in one sitting), you have to not only acquire Tech Points, but also Robo Points which are used for purchasing stuff once you have it available. Up until recently, dying yielded you a lot less points, even if you wiped out more than half the enemy team - the emphasis is on surviving rather than killing. Ironically, killing is the only way to acquire more points to pore into your vehicles. And that is pretty much all I need to say about the Gameplay.AestheticsThe Aesthetics are not exactly what I would call good, but it isn\'t terrible either. Robocraft is one of those games where you can literally build anything you want and it would be the way your vehicle is. Wait a minute, "build anything you want"? Isn\'t this somewhat vaguely familiar? As in overdone by this point? Not that this game does it poorly, but I think I have seen enough ugly vehicles, that are ugly on purpose, but I have seen some rather... rude... looking vehicles. There is very little moderation in terms of vehicle aesthetics. Otherwise, some of the maps are very good and are pleasing to look at, but then you build a flying vehicle and seen the endless plains outside the map. If it were me, I would have just used a skybox - they already implemented a force field to prevent you from leaving in a flying vehicle. At least a high-res Skybox would have been acceptable, and would yield less complaints, and would have been a lot more processor friendly. And that is all I have to say about Aesthetics - they are only graphics and are only responsible for maybe 20% of a game\'s value.SoundtrackThe soundtrack, even when the music volume is on full, can be rather quiet at times. I get it, it is supposed to create tension when I do rarely hear it, but if anything it annoyed me. Maybe that is because I prefer the soundtrack in any game to fit what the game is about - I do not associate the need for stealth with a game that is clearly about blowing the pilot seat out of a heavily armoured vehicle, and where stealth does little more than get you killed quicker if you try. I ended up turning off the music and listened to the Tyrian OST - which was much more suitable, but  I just happen to be listening to another game\'s OST while playing this one. So yeah, go figure.DeveloperI understand most people would not recommend a game because of its developers. This happened to Paranautical Activity, the developers said some rather nasty stuff to their fans and to Valve, and as a result they had their game kicked out. But the Developers for Robocraft are not like that at all. They regularly add new patches to their game to make it more fun - recently, a "Hero Bonus" was added to compensate those people that die wiping out more than half the enemy team. And they make newspaper articles to hint at new features being developed. They also take some feedback on the odd occassion, albeit more of an acknowledgement than anything. For a team of 10 people, what they have achieved is pretty good so far. I encourage them to make a game that you have to pay money to play, as opposed to "Pay to win", which is what Robocraft is rather sadly.Anti-Hacker PolicyOk people. I said that I don\'t reccommend this game and here is the reason. Now, I\'m not a hacker, and as someone who will eventually get into game development, I fully understand the concerns that developers have for their games to ensure that people don\'t cheat to win. But there are far better ways of doing this than using EasyAntiCheat (also called EAC, Robocraft refers to its system as Roboshield). In case you don\'t know why anti-virus software has such a big problem with EAC, it is because EAC literally acts like spyware. When you play Robocraft, you are giving permission for the guys at EAC to monitor your personnal details. They can rename it however they like, it doesn\'t change what they are doing. Having access to your data is basically giving up your privacy for security, an area that is already being heavily debated in the Information Technology industry (remember the PAPA framework anyone? If you don\'t, I suggest you Google "Mason, PAPA Framework"). In anycase, they tell us that EAC is using the data being data-mined to detect hackers and such, but that is a lot of processing power being used, and I have trouble believing that it is all for \'verification\' of the game\'s validicity. True, this is EASY Anti Cheat that FreeJam are using, but nothing is ever labelled as EASY unless there are ways around it. You may have noticed that less than 50% of Robocraft players are hanging around, and even that number is ever decreasing due to EAC. A far better and more person friendly approach would have been to use Valve\'s Anti Cheat (also called VAC). For one, VAC doesn\'t act like spyware, it is server side only (which is another advantage, you can\'t have your users decompile your EAC on their client to find exploits and whatnot) and uses less processing power which can free up more servers. And while yes, VAC is open-source, this is actually an advantage.And that is the review. DO NOT PLAY until they use VAC instead of EAC. Hopefully, they will correct that mistake soon.
awesome game, would recommend, much like TF2, LoL/Dota, MC etc just one of those games you can come and go to/from without hesitation, wicked time killer as well if you really get into it, my only question is why sometimes does my controller reverse its settings for no reason?
♥♥♥ u Nava
I screamed. 10/10 would have nightmares over.
it's the same but not free.
snowsnowsnowsnowsnowsnowsnowsnowsnowsnowsnowsnowcrystalenemyfromdarksousl1crystalenemyfromdarksousl1crystalenemyfromdarksousl1crystalenemyfromdarksousl1crystalenemyfromdarksousl1crystalenemyfromdarksousl1crystalenemyfromdarksousl1crystalenemyfromdarksousl1crystalenemyfromdarksousl1crystalenemyfromdarksousl1crystalenemyfromdarksousl1crystalenemyfromdarksousl1crystalenemyfromdarksousl1crystalenemyfromdarksousl1crystalenemyfromdarksousl1crystalenemyfromdarksousl1
great game
615 hours and still tastes good. GG. Its like the gum that never runs out. 11/10 IGN
its a great game
A game where case openings and high level skins make people rock hard and probably react so hard that the finebros will strike their videos. russians bend me over and call me a noob ♥♥♥♥boi (atleast i think thats what they said). I also get to achieve my life long dream of being a member of ISIS and ofcourse the best part of this game, i get to move my pointer over an enemy and shoot at them (preferably headshots you filthy scrubs). In all serious though, this game is really addicting and i can't wait to get gud. Dust/10
get rekt
This is probably my favourite puzzle game that I have ever played. The graphics are very basic but thats how it\'s ment to be. If the visuals were too complex, the puzzles would be way too hard to solve. I don\'t want to give too much away but the game constantly makes you go "how the f**k does that work", which is a very nice feeling to have after have an endless amount of logic games. So go and get this game, it isn\'t that expensive.
Was a great game, but slow DLC power creep and the latest patch/P2W release has lead me to uninstall this game. Shame on you OVERKILL.
This game is scary, ambiguos, intense and mysterious, and all packed into the creepiest thing since the actual Chuckee Cheese. With a great blend of atmosphere, game mechanics and jumpscares that actually make some sense (by today's standards). This game isn't for everyone but if you want to relieve that unbearable constipation then step right to the original that started a quadrilogy... Five Night at Freddy's.
this game sux
If you watch the Bme Pain olympics backwards its about a guy that puts his ♥♥♥♥ on with a knife .but if you watch Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2 backwards it like slow fapping to ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
If you enjoy constructing, shooting, building forts, or just running stuff over, then this is the game for you. Merely only ten bucks, this game will leave you attached for HOURS!
Great game, would recommend if you like any of the follwing:-Cars-Flying-Acrobatic movement-FunEnjoy the game folks :)
First experience of Insurgency:- My team of terrorists are talking tactics, I'm a bit late to the match but we need to win this round.- Suddenly Jihad Jimmy shouts ALLAHU AKBAR.- WTF is going on?- Round starts, a man with C4 runs straight past me.- A couple of minutes in and I'm dead, there's two men left against three Americans.- It's Jihad Jimmy to the rescue.- Huge explosion- Everyone dead except one of our Allah-loving buddiesConclusion: If you want to be just like Jihad Jimmy or shoot a few Jihad Jimmys then you've come to the right place.
One of the most immersive shooter games out there, helped by the fact that it is actually a military simulator, giving it a more authentic feel to it. Definitely a must have title.
oque dizer desse jogo que mal conheço e ja cosidero pakas ?cara curti bastante esse jogo pq ele nao deixa de lado o modo de jogo antigo do pacman, mas tbm adiciona coisas novas como o slow motion e a velocidade do jogoeu recomendo o jogo é um bom pra passar o tempo ou quando tiver baixando um jogo mais pesado ne euheuh
Everything you want in a goat simulator.MUST GET THIS!!!
A new take on killing zombies from above using an arsenal of mad weapons and mercenary crews. Not as much focus on the violence, which leaves room for the planning and sheer panic of trying to get your citizens out of the city alive and not falling into outbreak by letting one simple zombie into the crowd.The gameplay leaves room for challenge as each month you'll have rostered mercenaries which some fights only leaves you with roadblocks mines and snipers. Though very satisfying when you complete the mission.All in all it has probably been the best $2.49 I have ever spent on a game, I would honestly of paid more for it.Fun, addictive and challenging.
This game reminds me of Texas
Really good game.
super happy fun time xD
I just finished this game and it is incredible. I thought that Brothers was going to be a short, sad narrative driven game that I would laugh about upon finishing, but it is so much more than that. Never before has a game delivered such emotional resonance to me and never before have i seen it so streamlined into gameplay. Brothers is haunting, powerful and brilliant. There is absolutely no reason not to pick it up during the sale.
FUN
Terraria is a fun and easy to learn game. it involves key building elements similar to minecraft but also includes great exploration and customization. This game is a great game and i highly recommend it to anyone looking for an enjoyable different game
Good tukka mate.
I would like to know why it personally crashes 95% of the time dont get it its terrible at putting you in matches, let alone the crashes.. 0/10
Why is there stamina bar when you can like kill someone when you're out of stamina?  Even Dark Souls had better combat than this PoS.
I hate the fact that I have to give this game a negative review. The game itself is fantastic but that is all thrown out the window by uPlay. I brought the game a while ago and decided to give it another go. I logged in to find that my key was "in use by someone else"
Really good game for taking your stress levels down. The  blood showers are amazing. Recomended map: Wasteland
I would love to say that this is just as awesome as the original, if not more so. But, on my Alienware laptop, with all hardware better than the listed required hardware, with graphics not even at it's best, I struggle to get even 15fps at any good time. Maybe there is something I could do to get it to run better, and advice would be greatly welcomed, but from what I have been able to do, I haven't been able to play the game for any decent amount of time. Hopefully, optimization patches in the future may help. It's just disappointing having a laptop that can run Shadow of Mordor and World of Warcraft on decent graphics, but not even get 15fps on a game much smaller than both listed gamesFrom what I am reading from other people's reviews, I would still recommend the game
great game, lots of fun to play with friends. definitely recommend it
not enough developers with neckbeards
This is an extremely good game i highley reccomend it!!!!!!
This game made me cry and feel like ♥♥♥♥ 10/10
Ruined many an assignement 10/10
A fantastic addition to the Total War series,though it had a shaky release and many patches, I am completely happy with the end results and had heaps of fun playing this game
star wars + battlefield = endless fun
VERY WELL!
many hacker and server lag zzzzzzz
The admins of this server made me feel very sad and depressed. They excluded me and my friends on this starwars event. I would like to say... #### the admins of that server and please make better admins of this server .... PLEASE
My friends ridicule the ♥♥♥♥ outta me when we play anything. But I cop more abuse and death threats in this game. 10/10 gameplay 0/10 self esteem.
I love teh game but i died from hunger...NO FOOD!!!!!!!!!!!!....I PLANTED SOME SEEDS LOST WERE I PLANTED THEM...NO FOOD IN THE FOOD DEPARTMENTS!@!...but overal i say dat teh game will sute MC (minecraft) people is 5 stars if i caould rate *****
From the creators of Super Meat Boy, The Binding of Isaaac is one of the most interesting and unique Indie games on the market. Every play through is a blast and you will never have the same run twice as there are randomly generated rooms and floors to explore. However in some aspects the game's enjoyment is withered and incredibly frustrating within the first 10-20 hours of gameplay, and as a result you will die ALOT.One of the finest elements that refine the game is it's randomly generated level, this gives the player LOADS of replayability and intrigue in what might happen next time I play. With these randomly generated levels, the designers also placed over 20 bosses that get more and more challenging as you progress and strategies may need to be employed to bring them down. But it doesn't stop there, there are close to 100 items that you can collect which alters the game mechanics and even your characters appearance, and that's not even including DLC. With every game there are the negatives and we must discuss them, so what's wrong with this game? Well the first 10-20 hours will kick you in the ♥♥♥. You will die many, many times and if you don't learn from these mistakes and adapt to an enemies fighting capability you will keep getting your ♥♥♥ kicked. Also be prepared to open up a wiki because when you pickup an item for the first time, there is no telling what it will initially do. However if you can manage to have the patience to get over that first 10-20 hour hurdle, then the game will be a blast.Too long didn't read, let me summarise:                   **Positives**                                                                                                         +Randomly generated levels                                                                     +No two runs will be the same                                                                    +Tons of unique bosses items and enemies (also mini bosses)               +Comedic tone and references throughout game                    **Negatives**-Almost sadistic first 10-20 hours-No item descriptions/ blandly tells you item functions (WTF!?)-Almost unplayable without consulting the WikiThis game is undoughtably fun, don't let those negatives throw you off, this game deserves to be played. I payed $10 for this game, and Iv'e probably milked about 5 times it's value out of it. For $5 on Steam + $3 DLC (that you should only buy once you've completed the game several times) this game is a bargain and deserves your utmost attention.**9/10**
There is a bug in this game which prevents it from being launched. There is no known fix.
I have over 1000 hours played on this game. It's pretty good
BEST LOTR EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
มันมาก สะใจมาก
You have my thumbs for this one.
The most British game you will ever play... 10/10
holy dooley!!! You dont have this game?
Even though this is a negative review I understand why many people enjoy Farcry 2.The open world feels rich, the combat is brutal and intense and the story builds up to an interesting point which helps to make it fun.The negative: I find that this game is against you the entire time since there is no real point in liberating outposts like there was in Farcry 3, the world is threating and unforgiving but in a way that makes me feel like the game is constantly being cheap and punishing me for try to play the way that I want which is mostly stealth. Also even though the story is good it doesn't make much sense at times and it just feels like that you want to get a faceless character to survive in a fiery hellhole in the African sahara. I would give this a 6/10 which is something that I really thought hard about but I felt everything in 2 was done better in farcry 1 and 3.
สนุก
This game is what my nightmares look like, it's a wonderful game, but seriously, i cant get very far in cos i ♥♥♥♥ my pants and build a fort to hide in for a few days after, 10/10 will complete and uninstall and cry, lots
Awesomenauts is awesome..
No
 A $60  dollar dlc of Borderlands 2 if u love borderlands 2 and want more play this game if ur new to this game dont buy it buy borderlands 2 is cheeper and bigger.  i finished this game at lvl 27 i finished borderlands 2 at lvl 37  this game is  exactly like a dlc\\dlc bundle for borderlands 2
Took me 8 hours to download the game. Went in-game for a few minutes to test out fps. So far so good.Next day, go on Steam to find 2.7 GB update that took another 8 hours.either way can barely throw spears even if i've barely played this, i'm loving it already 10/10
best game ever
So Fun!
This game is just great, it has the one thing most FPS games lack. That one thing is community made game modes,maps, ECT... The fact you can get the game fans and followers to create items to be put in the game is amazing. It also brings a lot of diversity to tf2, and I love playing something new everyday.8/10
dumbest ♥♥♥♥ing game I have played to date with a ♥♥♥♥ing stupid mimentum system that so god damm stupid.
love this game
This game is one of the best games I have played in a long time.
Muito Bom o jogo, graficos cartunescos e Divertido
Mais ou menos, porquê sim c:
yes
This game is fun as all hell. Animations are fancy and the soundtrack is brilliant. Only kind of music to bump off zeds to. Blood all over the place, body parts flying. Doesn't that sound fun? Do I need to say more? A game called killing floor needs no narrative, it doesn't need much of a story line. It already has what it needs. Where did these zeds come from and why am I hunting them?Well it does need a bit more content, but it is early access so I expected about as much content as it has. So if you're not patient, then I don't recommend you buy it. But at the price it is now, I do recommend you buy it. $30 for an eventual $60 - $80 game. Definitely worth it. I love it so much that I'll also be buying it on PS4 when it comes out. For two reasons; great game and I have a lot of friends who only play console and don't have PC'sI can't really explain the gameplay to someone. All I can say is the gunplay is amazing and like I mentioned before the animations are terrific. Reload animations, pointless ammo checking animations, sword swinging animations, cleaning the blood off of a weapon, it's all beautiful ♥♥♥♥. Personally for me sometimes in a game it's attention to small details that make a game good. But that's my opinion.Overall this game is good for someone who likes to blow stuff up, shoot stuff down, cut stuff around and just generally tear ♥♥♥♥ up. Not so much for someone who is looking for a movie-like story.
It's a really cool and fun game, the price may be high but for someone looking for a fun and big open world game its would be a good reccomendation for me
Create Your Gun Now on LoadOut
Get it.
It does not matter how old this game is, it is still an amazing game and is well worth it
same
It's a fun game. There's just one problem.No-one plays it anymore.
Just No
too good to be bad :P
Nice game, many features and an interesting variety of enemies that will keep you hooked.
Have the urge to kick some zombie butt? Don\'t wanna be a loner in a zombie-filled world? Well then, Left 4 Dead 2 is the game for you. The concept of the game is pretty basic - join forces with three other players and beat up some zombies with a frying pan, or if you\'re tired of hearing the screams of dying infected - be the infected AND HEAR THE SCREAMS OF THE SURVIVORS INSTEAD. HA HA!Basically, if you get bored of playing as the survivors, the game gives you the option to fight against other players as 8 different special infected ranging from long-tongued Smokers and crying Witches to acidic Spitters and "my vomit brings all the zombies to the yard" Boomers, while some have their advantages and disadvantages, they are still very fun to play (sometimes). All I have to say is that L4D2 is one of my favourite games to play - especially with friends - and I want to emphasise the ESPECIALLY. Don\'t get me wrong, playing with random players is still pretty fun, but can be off-putting if they\'re too good and immediately overpower other players, including me (which happens quite a lot, but hey, what can I say? I\'m no pro at L4D2).Overall, I really enjoy this game and give this zombie-shooter a 5/5!
2 hour $15 game was okay until alien sludge ate my babiestwice
this game creeps me out, im never playing it again!
Random, crazy, action pack with some of your favourite steam games mixed together.Hunting Props, Terror within Terrorist Town and other hilarious modes too show your gaming skills.
fun
CS:GO, Become Legendary.lit as gamedont be phony nono play game if rly coolwill make u quit league of legends
This game is awesome, if you like to play games with your music. This is it.
DLC's are overpriced better off not getting them instead of forking out 100+ dollars for them!
Good game if you are intersted in cars. A few major problems: Mouse and your accuatual movement are not set correctly.Clunky menu'sNot enough carsMaking cars is very hard due to not being able to move around freelyBut all that aside, it is in beta early release, and although i regret buying this a bit now, it is a good game and i will look forward to playing it in the future
Compra Compra Compra  Compra Compra Compra Compra Compra
DO NOT BUY! Read on! This is an alpha and full release review.I wouldn't go near this game until it has been released fully. Still keen? Expect 5gig+ patches every two weeks or monthly. I have downloaded over 20gig of patches in the last 8 weeks for stuff all changes, with that sort of patch volume I'd expect big changes or more content, neither were apparent. When you ask the devs whats up with the huge patches you will have the question removed from the forum, truly awesome work devs. The player base is tiny, being an Oceanic gamer it is even smaller, not even remotely worth it. My opinion; stick with War of roses, do not give these guys a dime until the finished product is out, they don't deserve it.FYI; take note of when the positive reviews for this game happened, very few people are happy with the state of play in 2014.POST FULL VERSION LAUNCH.The game is still garbage, the devs continue to push out 5gig patches every couple of weeks to add one or two swords or tweak a class. The game is a joke, the balance is getting worse, the combat clunkier, the range combat is a waste of time. The devs could care less about finishing as they could about adding more DLC for kids to buy. How you can release DLC less than a month after an official launch and not give to preaccess and alpha is disgusting and should tell you all you need to know about these devs and what they think of the consumer. War of Roses was/ is a better game; armor, range, better levels, mounted combat. Its just better (yes even with its current balance). War of vikings; waste of money, the devs should of kept working on roses, this is the same game with different textures, a clunkier-crappier combat system and none of the above mentioned features. GG fapshark
Great game! Lots of fun. Never can stop playing after starting a new game! Must get!
A very fun game to play if your bored, and if you feel like playing an fps
I was a farmer. I was alone in my shack before the plague hit. When it did, I grabbed my shotgun, headed out into the wild and died seconds later from radiation because I ate a rotten cabbage a few years ago.
the trailers for this game made it look like a good one but from what i have played, the trailer looks like it's worth more than the game itself.~PROS~nothing here(so sad)~CONS~overpowered weaponsconfusing menuout dated engine(nothing wrong with source it's just old)no australian servers(as an australian gamer this cause MAJOR lag issues)bad controlsnot tactical in any way~final thought~we got nothing that made this game look good, all we got was a sad piece of C**P that no one wants to play. If you want a tactical game buy counter strike global offensive, if you want a free to play game that is amazing get team fortress 2. This game is like counterstrike and call of duty had a baby. and it was ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Oh and it's just a waste of space on your hardrive
Its a fun game, however they need to fix the driving.
NEStalgia is  a game where John says he opened the one chest that had the vital quest item but in reality he never opened it and we spend an hour wandering around the cave trying to figure out where the crystal is and John is certain that he had opened the chest that had the crystal in it and John is bad.
random crits will constantly make you quit the game and move over to csgo, where it isn't a cheap rip off of another game. rip tf2 2012 - 2014
GET THIS IF YOU SUPPORT HOBOS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Even without first picking up the first game p0rtal it's extremely easy to get into and love portal two the puzzles are amazing and offer different ways of thinking and moving about the game. The characters speak to you as if they know what your thinking and the dialogue and graphic design are beautiful. Definitely would recommend it to anyone.
I finished this game the other day. I now need counselling 3 times a week.other then that excellent game, highly recommend.
Really good for what it is.
so much endless fun, recommend it to anyone who is interesting in being creative .
First of all this is a very good game but it's definitely in beta. The AI sometimes doesn't like exploring the map and capturing points or attacking you unitll you attack them at their base. The path finding has units getting stuck, there is cover where there shouldn't be (curbs on the side of roads) and none where there should be (only 3 cover points around a van and none on power box's or waste high fences most of the time). Maps also need more versions or need to be more dynamic for larger FFA matches (3+ players).This game has a lot of potential and I highly recommend giving it a go if you have the friends for a match, (Some bugs I've encountered playing and improvements I'd like to see include)Bugs or general things which need fixing-Invalid target message when selecting units to attack a building-AI only capturing a few points in the start of the match and then just camping their own base-Path finding-Seriously need to check cover points on maps Personal points-Changing the Rebel’s captured point notification sound (possible getting some voice acting talent)-Allowed the player to assign units to a group using numbers 1-0 on the key board-C4 is TNT, change name or change image and model-Adding vehicles like the combine armoured car with a rocket ability and a Rebel jeep with an auto turret on top-Making transport vehicles-turret wall buildings for combine do not shoot enemy buildings-Make units be able to shoot while moving but be less accurate-Different click animation when selecting you units to attack the enemies.
Magic: The Gathering for the elderly. So addictive you'll already be in a retirement home the next time you look away from your screen.
super hexagon is a fantastic blend of arcade action, unforgiveing difficulty and is just so so addictive. the description of this game isnt very clear so i'll explain what it is in a bery brief decription. it is a very fast pace game where you a a small shape dodging other shapes comeing your way(there is an example in the vidio).  i would recomend this game to almost evryone and for just $3( $0.60 at the moment) it is most definitely worth your time and money.
Counter-Strike has been around forever and is a competitive FPS staple. The main problem for the casual player is the cancerous community. When playing competitive mode, the higher a players rank goes, the more disillusioned they are likely to become with their fellow players. It would appear that 30-40% of all players are sociopathic teenage boys with severe behavioural problems and high pitched screamy voices.
One word. Hats.
All Dota player should watch, I would recommend to any gamer. But, most of all any one wanting to become a pro Game should watch.
This game!!! Wow!! Yes you do need a beasty PC, but you'll be glad if you already have one cos this game is just so massive! The battles which occur are so intense! and these transport ships called 'Galaxies' are just awesome to see fly around during a huge battle with more than 2000+ people! Per Major Battle! and more than 6000+ on the continent!!! truly awesome! 9/10 it has its weird bugs... and you need a more than a decent PC to run! sorry for those who don't! But when you do... get this game! oh and best thing is... its F2P!!!
funny so good
Is it even legal release on Steam LOLI just skipped all the sh#t and watch the cutscene
This game is about taking chances, multiple playthroughs, making up strategies, item combinations, and a messed up story. If you don't like any of these features then this artwork of a game is not for you.Before you read further I should probably mention that my opinion is slightly bias as I have 100% beaten the previous game and DLC, however I will try to make this review as fair as possible.This game is brilliant. The original binding of Isaac was incredible, and though there wasn't anything bad about it, it had a few flaws and bugs that were noticeable but not really a problem. Rebirth somehow achieves what other game remakes have not,  EVERY single part of the original has been improved to a whole new level, especially gameplay. Gameplay is refined and more flexible, including more complicated level design, enemies, playable characters, and game changing items and item combinations. There are way more items to collect and item effects themselves have been slightly balanced (which is what was needed in the original game). Also the synchronization between item effects has been vastly improved to a point where most items don't cancel each other's effects out or weaken your character overall, which makes the game itself extremely fun, as every playthrough will give you a different mix of items and situations forcing you to make up your own strategies as you go. You can also, for the first time ever, save your game as there are now 3 save slots.The graphics are overall superior to the original, while it doesn't look as smooth, there is a crazy amount of detail and animations that make the game feel more fluid and engaging. [also poop physics]The soundtrack is great. It isn't as great as the first game, but it still creates a very powerful atmosphere. However, the sounds made from effects, items and enemies are a huge and noticeable improvement.Overall there really isn't anything bad to say about this game, it is superior to not only the original Binding of Isaac, but also most other indie games as well.
counter strike is like hands down the best game ive ever played becouse i have csgo cs css
"It may be ♥♥♥♥, but its better then Dayz anyday."IGN: 10/10
It's very good game!!!
Most ♥♥♥♥ing dissappointing game that shouldnt be bought due the story line was very short, characters such as flash werent fast and the free roam wasnt very interesting due u only run around an area in circles. I believe this game was a ♥♥♥♥ing waste of money and shouldnt be bought (unless ur a ♥♥♥♥ing kiddie) as the creators are seem to be lazy as ♥♥♥♥ making this game. Lego Marvels IS BETTA ♥♥♥♥ER
It's a great game with lots of fun to be had
Its agreat but frustrating game as most say and thats why i like it. i would suggest adding more maps and different plants that grow differently. i would say around 4 out of 5 for this game.
Play
This is one of the best games i've played, lots of fun.  11/10
This game is highly over-rated and while it isn't a bad game it's certainly closer to a bad game than good, Im still glad I bought it due to gmod, anyways that's why my negative review is here :)
Fun! :D
A good game.
Excellent, fun, competitive sometimes, hillarious with friends. What's not to love in a multiplayer game? SpeedRunners is a charming platform racer which I LOVE playing.
got captured by bandits who stripped me and made me be their slave 10/10
Great game Great fun Great with friends
I was very disappointed when rockstar didnt bring GTA V out for pc around the same time they did with Xbox 360 and PS3. And didnt understand why they at the time.The 1-2 years extra wait was definitely worth it in every way. Great storyline.Awesome that it has 1st and 3rd person which beats console versions of the game.Controls are smooth and easy to get used to..or was for me.Plenty of vehicles to drive and plenty of upgrades for them too, same goes with weapons.Some of the clothing is a bit lame looking and could be improved though as well as more tattoos to choose from and maybe some more hair cuts.Love this game for action and comedy at its best and not to mention the Strip club ; ) Mod support for this game steps it up too.It makes it an entirely different experience on top of what it already is.It's always great when a dev allows mod support. The only thing that disappoints me is not being able to create our own character.That's always what I keep hoping will happen.Hopefully eventually they will implement this.I give Grand Theft Auto V : 10/10
very cool very handsome, i like it
Edit: Now Valve has removed paid mods from the Skyrim workshop, but have not confirmed it isn't going to happen with other games. The game itself is great; just watch out in case Valve tries to implement the idea again.The creator of the game is calling modders some rather nasty words considering his game was built on the concept of free mods.Don't buy this game until the whole paid mods thing blows over. If it doesn't, there isn't much point to buying this game.
I bought this to play with friends a long time back then stashed it away. Was going through my games library and rembered starting the campaign but wondered why I didn't carry on, it was a good game with good graphics and a interesting story. Read comments section on Uplay and remembered the horror that is Uplay. Now I can't forget about it soon enough...
-
its a great game
Best and easiest budgeting software I have ever used. Imports info straight from my bank which is handy.
tag
This game really puts the hot in psychotic, the fun in funeral and the laughter in slaughter.10/10 would dismember russians as a unicorn again.
A great spin on a new genre, clickers. The added dimension creates a feeling of usefullness when clicking compared to other clicker games. The progression does eventually slow down a lot as the progression end game is comprised of resetting to gain timecubes, which can feel repetitive at times. The connectivity in the game allows you to connect to a live leaderboard, aswell as the ability to continue your game on your mobile phone and cloud saving. These features are implented exetremely well, and create the most interconnnected game I have ever played, and sets a precedent for not only this genre, but all games.
Tera is absolutely AMAZING!! I love this game and it is my favourite MMORPG. I have played played this game for over 200 hours and i have loved almost every minute, so naturally when came out on steam, I HAD To get it. The only part I didn't like about was the endless running back and forth handing in quests, but they have even gotten ridden that part so really, for me, there are no faults in the game. I was able to finish Island of Dawn for both my Elin Slayer AND my High Elf Gunner in less than 3 hours wheras before it took me about 5 hours to get off the island with my Castanic Warrior. They also made updated the skill obtaining sector of the game so now, instead of having to see a Tactition or Magic Instructor, you can just get the skill just by cliking on it, and i love that because it SO much time and effort. The game updates are amazing and recomend the game to any MMO fans, though you need a lot of space on your device because the game is HUGE. TERA IS AMAZING!!!!!  XD XP
Tera is absolutely AMAZING!! I love this game and it is my favourite MMORPG. I have played played this game for over 200 hours and i have loved almost every minute, so naturally when came out on steam, I HAD To get it. The only part I didn't like about was the endless running back and forth handing in quests, but they have even gotten ridden that part so really, for me, there are no faults in the game. I was able to finish Island of Dawn for both my Elin Slayer AND my High Elf Gunner in less than 3 hours wheras before it took me about 5 hours to get off the island with my Castanic Warrior. They also made updated the skill obtaining sector of the game so now, instead of having to see a Tactition or Magic Instructor, you can just get the skill just by cliking on it, and i love that because it SO much time and effort. The game updates are amazing and recomend the game to any MMO fans, though you need a lot of space on your device because the game is HUGE. TERA IS AMAZING!!!!!  XD XP
Mount & Blade: Warband is a sequel to the game Mount & Blade.I've never played the first Mount & Blade, soo I don't know how much it improved.Mount & Blade: Warband is one of those games where you just play it for hours and hours without taking a single break or getting bored, since anything can change the situation you're in. From bandits taking on your small party or from high ranked enemy armies, this is all dependent on how you want to play.Maybe you want to be simply a trader just wanting to go from town to town finding the best prices on goods and selling them for a higher price in distant towns. Maybe you want to simply find character NPCs to adventure around the world defeating enemies with overwhelming number using your tactics and small but well skilled/equipped party? Maybe join an army and take on castles? OR make your own army and conquer the world?Or become a bandit, raid small villages, steal their cattle and sell the meat from them?The choice is yours, and you can change what you want to do at any time, but beware of the consequences, as people remember what you do, and might just take up revenge.Now the combat system: It can be quite difficult to get used to, but once you get used to it, you feel like you have accomplished greatness. Pretty much you control if you want to swing left, right, overhead or stab. But this depends on your weapon and if you're on a horse. Some weapons can only be used as a stab instead of a swing while on a horse.I recommend turning blocking to anything other than Automatic if you really want a challenge.In the end I just simply get immersed in this game, and while playing it with auto save, you feel every time you lose a battle, seeing all of your soldiers being killed one by one then swearing to avenge them all one day.TL;DR: Control an army, unique 3rd/1st person melee combat, a open living world.
Killed a Chicken 10/10
what more can i say? just buy it
Path of Exile is a breath of fresh air in the action RPG genre, it completely revamps the the way you use skills and how potions are used. It has one of the fairest free to play models out there whereby you may only buy cosmetic upgrades, no boosted experience or OP items. The one drawback is the always online connectivity which depending on the stability of your internet connection can either be drastic with the loss of a hardcore character or absolutely transparent if you have great connection to their servers. Overall, for a F2P it's a must play.
one of the songs used sounds from Voyager's Golden Recordif you got this game on humble bundle a few years back, check your download page for an album
Overall this is a very fun game to play. I recently just got it but I have enjoyed every moment of it so far and highly recommend the game for anyone looking for a new game to play!
remineds me of halo
Oh good Lord what did I just play I think i need the last 10 minutes of my life back. This is without a doubt the worst game in the world.No Stars Ever
El mejor juego online gratis! :D
Its like teenage mutant ninja turtles with cards.
Garry get you ♥♥♥♥ togeather and add an update
Best F*king  game ever
Futbol, Cars, Explosions
Probably one of the greatest games ever created. 10/10
Perhaps one of the best games I have ever played, now with an amazing multiplayer mod, if you enjoy the freedom of the single player then I highly recommend playing this mod. Mid air collisions, highspeed races, this game already had it all and now you can enjoy it with friends.
11/10 Best game I have played in a while. Makes me want to start from scratch over and over again.
This game is like a ♥♥♥♥♥ier version of League of Legends. Obviously copied all the champions from League of Legends and just called them a different name and put them in Dota. Can't believe no one has realised what a blatant copy Dota is of League of Legends. 0/10
tyra\\gsrtmgm,yujgh
Great game, worth every second
luv it
This game is dumb the ranking system is just ...stupid plz change it so u can see how close you are to the next rank plz i beg u. other wise is good 
One of the best loot driven action rpgs. Beautiful in every way and undiniably fun. In short, this is the sequel diablo needs not the one it wants.
This was great fun!Less than a buck so I didn't mind about it having great combat, art, etc.But the humour, and references are great.And great one liners in amonst.
Best zombie surivial game by far! :)
If you have an AMD GPU then don't buy this game, it's still broken...Such a shame.
You owe it to yourself and to the memory of those who pay the ultimate sacrifice for us all to play this game.
i paid 20 dollars i havent been able to play at all this is rip of don't buy it
I enjoy this game as for what it is. My only negative thing would be the use of camera options as others have also said. The views given sometime don't help in any way at all.
wish ppl still played this :(
WOW such very emochinal and very strong -doge:3
I love this game, i dont see why all these people are complaining about it crashing, its obviously something wrong on your end, it did not crash a single time when i finished downloading it or when my cousin started it up to, it ran perfectly fine first try, it runs fine as well, it only crashed a few times after me playing it for hours and hours so that is understandable, its a fun game and i love it, and btw, the people saying that they lied about it being multiplayer, no they did not lie, it has multiplayer features is what they said, and it is possible to see each other, its just next to 0% chance for that to happen tho, and those guys on ps4, that tried to meet up, the ps4 servers were really busy because of the amount of people playing, thats probably why they couldnt see each other, so stop ♥♥♥♥♥ing, get over it, its a great game and it is exactly how it is meant to be, i played it for 17 hours on the first day and im still loving it.
Fistful of Frags was surprisingly good I just downloaded a free shooter game to play with my friends and now its easily one of our favourite games the game play is really fun and easy
Melhor MOBA de todos os tempos, muito bom.
Great game, the graphics are excellent and are not very laggy. The gameplay is smooth and easy to understand, the tutorial/hints are a bit annoying later on. I recomend this game to anyone who enjoys card games.
fun 9/10 y not.

A fun, challenging rouge-like game that offers lots of diversity and replayability. The way the game manages character deaths and the level up system is both refreshing and unique. The art style is simple but charming. This game will likely appeal to fans of other rogue-like games , for example Binding of Isaac. I thouroughly recommend this game to those of you who enjoy a challenge or are fans of action, RPG, and rogue-likes. Would play again 10/10
I r8 dis 8/8 m8. Would buy again!
ดีจริงๆ
So I discovered this watching a playthrough and thought I should buy thisand then I stopped watching because I didn't want spoilersSo glad I didQ. So what is undertaleA. Undertale is a RPG with bullet hell elements, EVERY action is important, choose wiselyQ.What is the general story of undertale without spoilers?A.If I was to spoil nothing than for the sake of this game I will only say this, A unknown child falls into a pit on Mt Ebbot, to discover it full of monsters, and must find a way to get home.Q. Can I run this game?A. 1. read the specifications if your honestly asking this question, its just up there ^^^^^     but almost any computer other than maybe your grannies windows 98 will run undertaleQ.Is it long?A. This question is interesting, depends on your playstyle, however if your into getting every ending and finding every secret, your in for a long timePros: Great Story         Great Mechanics         Great Character         Great Music         Morals         Fonts         Spagehetti         Can't stop thinking about it afterCons:... Why is this section even here? 10/10 stop reading and get UndertaleI'll wait...I'm still waitingok I'm bored... *leaves and plays video games*REVIEWTALEok but seriously stop reading and buy the game
I\'m going to make this one short and sweet. Falsely-advertised, un-optimized, buggy, no multiplayer, zero depth, terrible menu system, no challenge, a "universe" that is just a skybox with static planets that are just recolours of each other... generally, if you can think of it, this game has done it wrong.Burning your $60 would be a better investment. At least that gives a few seconds of excitement.
Has now taken over tf2 as best free to play game on steam(for me) great first person shooter amazing huge-♥♥♥ combat this game is about three factions going against each other for control of three continent's where good team play and strategy is involved :D
it's soooo good
We are the heist We are ROBBER the bank not you gentleman
A very enjoyable game from the Hitman Series
No lo pude volver a jugar, me anda lentisimo, pero un gran juego en muchos aspectos 9.2/10
perfeito muito legal jogo com os brooou
Seriously, don\'t waste your money on this game - Go and source yourself a copy of the latest in the Airport Tycoon series, or Airline Tycoon Evolution. These games will give you much your enjoyment and keep you entertained for much much longer than this game will.For the purpose of the review, I stuck at this game for 18 hours according to Steam before finishing it. Honestly, after the first hour, it was a sad reaity that all one would do the for majority of the time was sit and stare at a screen and click a few buttons every few minutes.This game should be rated "P" for PATHETIC. It feels drastically un-finished, the game physics are poor (and have been demonstrated by numerous others who have played this game). I\'m sure whatever money that the Developers have made from this game, they wouldn\'t be able to take into a Brothel and organise a root. Seriously, what were they thinking when they made this game?!??!!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME - YOU ARE WASTING YOUR MONEY
Don't know how to get past the second night
10/10 would like to not respond again
The producers of this game have done an Awesome job. The amount of effort, time and money put into this game has blown me away. I have put over half a dozen months into this game and spent every last penny I own buying the many DLC's. If all you want is the best open world, cartoon, action game here you go. It never gets boring, with over EIGHTY THOUSAND different weapons, sheilds, grenades, player upgrades and ♥♥♥♥ING KICKASS LEGENDARIES!! From bandits to robots to flying cities to Dragons you will have the ride of your life in this ♥♥♥♥ed up world of Borderlands 2... This game is a 20/10 and thats all that needs to be said... Also dont forget to visit the Badass Crater of BADASSITUDE!!!
Three ways to enjoy this game1. Solo it in normal to very hard 2. Play with a group of friends in Very hard to Death wish3. Always go loud (Play Vlad or Bain)BONUS! :D  If you like to stealth play the Elephant or Shadow raid (You must complete the following 3 steps to get the skills and perks you want)TIPs: Just keep shooting them! (AND NOT THE CIVILIANS!!!!) >:/
Just stay away from this game. It's crap.Shoot is bad, always AR or SMG and melee is op.the maps and spawnpoints are garbage.P2WAKA, C.R.A.P.
WARNING: BEWARE THIS GAME IS EXTREMELEY ADDICTIVE.I have had many nights where I would start playing this at like 5pm and the next time I look at my clock it is 1pm on a worknight. What can I say? It is fun! A great concept and there is plenty to do. So if you do get this game I suggest putting a timer on, but who knows if you will stop playing then either.
Sin duda uno de los mejores juegos de accion con zombies es tan divertido.Es como un garrys mod pero no es un sandbox y esas cosas.La comunidad, los mapas todo en este juego es >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>HERMOSO<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<< 
it is very fun and addictive so you GUYS should try it it is a preety good game whitch a are made people not very well know so that's  really good i give since they are not very well know i give it a 9/10
1) Named Justin Biber2) Became Sheriff3) Doctor healing me every night4) Survived and won by less than 7 people diedThis is real team workFaith in humanity restored10/10  will name Justin Biber again
I expected a space simulation game in which I build spaceshis to crach into eachother with realistic physics and a robust and comprehensive damage engine, and that's exactly what I got.
BUY THIS GAME!!!!!!!
By far my favourite first person shooter of all time.A pretty decent story, with solid and very fun gameplay mechanics and probably the most surprising ending to a video game I have seen in a long time.I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a good first person shooter.Definatly going to play this game again on "True West" difficulty.
ggwp, 322, yolo, Kapparino and more, try it out lads
Based on the first 2 hours of the game i would give it a 7.5/10 good game but I feel like the polish/time needed for this game to be great just wasnt there  the very first cutscene for the campaign is very poorly done and looks rushed after that though the gameplay was actually quite fun.
When the game had just come out, Overkill promised players that there would never, ever be microtransactions in PAYDAY 2 on multiple occassions. They lied.When players were completing challenges for Crimefest 2015, Overkill promised that all content unlocked from the completion of challenges would be free. They lied.Screw Overkill.I mean, I really, really wish I could say that despite all that there is still a part of me that enjoyed the game, even after all this. And I tried and I tried - because I never played any other game as much as PAYDAY 2 up until that point. But the weapon balance they brought witht he pay-to-gain-the-advantage microtransactions made all the gunplay feel completely off, compared to what it used to be. Assault rifles are inaccurate and ineffective, and the pistols have all been turned into hand cannons. Concealment in stealth is now more reliant on how much your weapon skin buffs concealment than your skills and mods.I really still wish I could say "despite all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, what\'s was always still great about this game was..." but it\'s gone now. That era has been and gone, and it really, really saddens me.Rest in peace, PAYDAY 2 pre-Crimefest 2015. A brilliant game with so much potential. You will be missed.
this is one of the best zombie games ive ever played they just made it such a great game its hard to not look at a top 10 zombie games without left4dead on it nice job to vaulve for mastering this game
This game is fabbbbbbbbThere are so many amazing weapons and they are all specialI have finished this game 3 times and it is still amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1111!!!1!!!!!!1!!!1!
Wheres da multiplayer bruh
really really fun game that requires you to think quite abit on strategy and what items to buy a game that death has a huge consenquence and suicide is respectable but once you win the match it will feel good. play with friends since if you play with strangers when you are still new they will say bad things about you when you screw up. when that happens click on the mute button
its a good game but idk how but my game ♥♥♥♥ed its self
"..........." -Claude Wise words from a wise man.10/10
May be old and glitchy, but great gameplay and story line.
Too many russians.
good game i like
esta mortla volar ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s
This is a Great game if you like zombies and you definetly have to play with mods aswell.
its gud
k
PEWPEWPEW
Just Cause 3 is at it's best when you're indulging yourself in it's explosive chaos, but is disappointingly lacking in landmarks, exotic locations and diverse towns that Just Cause 2 had so many of.
Very cool
Its basic, But amazing. It really is great and worth playing :)
Decent game pretty much feels like Im Micro Machines which was a great fun game,Although it did get pretty tacky and boring becase there just wasnt much to do 8/10
It's better than Duke Nukem ForeverControls:mouse and keyboardGraphics:better than Duke Nukem Foreverstory:better than all the Duke nukem gamesTips:put all your money into your katana or if you are a gun person then put it into your guns Next look everywhere to find collectibles it will help you massivelyprosThis game is not an open world it is a story straight gamegood tutorialgreat voice actingdescent monsters (you are fighting demons and humans)good AIcool character designslikeable charactersconsI don't really know you tell mecuz I was completely satisfied and I didn't have any problems with the game didn't crash oncs
The most immersive game experience I've had since Sakura SpiritBut in all seriousness, you can get lost in this game pretty easily, as long as you can endure the shoddy voice acting. Personally, I see little opportunity for replayability, but one playthrough alone is easily worth its price.One minor issue is optimisation, it runs very strangely with certain combinations of settings switched on. Also, it will slow the speed of the game if it cannot reach the desired frame rate, so keep it reasonableThis is not the kind of game you can play for 30 mins, stop, and come back later. You have to set aside a few hours to really get in the zone, totally worth it though.8.77/10 - Crimson Heads will ruin your life
They can take my nests, They can almost kill the game. But that doesn't mean they won't come back stronger and better than ever. This game is one of the reasons i got into pc gaming, i thought it was an amazing game and that it had an amazing community where the only salty people are the people who go kill hunting in PVP Chill Rooms. If you're looking for a game that has a great community, a great fluid-combo based battle system and afk pvp rooms than this is the game for you.
sdasdsdasdasdasdasdsa adorei
I higly dislike the controls, and how bugy everything is. other than that a great game. but there's no game that kills you when you climb laters or when you climb fences.
Amazing game to play with friends and even vs AI. - must play if you like stratagie games/RTS and Space
i love tf2 you need to play it hahahahaha
Jogo muito bom,por ter varias classes e tipos de jogo ,ele passa a fazer com que as pessoas joguem em equipe
this is my game of the year
This is a really fun game, really laidback and fun with friends, its really cheap too and i reccomend you should buy this. If you have it, play a game with me sometime
El perro. el perro. Es mi corazon. El gato. el gato. El gato no es bueno.
Addictive as hell!
this game is ment for people who have no money
Made me richer on steam
Hey, I like the new design did play do you do more designs to the game including new maps and new weapons
i dont even know where to begin 10/5 would not play again
Great TD games. Recommended.
First of all, why hasn\'t this been done before, such a simple game, free, and personally, I would pay $25 for it, if not more.Sunrider: Mask of Arcadius, is a turn-based strategy game, with anime-style graphics set in a distant future, humanity reigns supreme over the entire galaxy (and possibly beyond) two major factions are at each others\' throats, but not at war (yet), The Solar Alliance, led by Admiral Grey, the Alliance controls most of the inner colonies, but like any other civilisation, there is much discontent in the civillian masses of the Neutral Rim, where pirates, bandits and marauderers fight with each other, and raid ships, y\'know piratey stuff. On a world, beyond the Alliance\'s reach, a slave boy has grown up, and grown tired of the pirates, slavers and other criminal riff-raff, and forms PACT, an anti-alliance orginisation, hell-bent on taking control of the galaxy so they can help the common man. PACT sounds like a good faction when you look at the job description, but by action, it is clear they are no friend of anyone, not realising, or ignoring their inner-dictator, PACT attacks the neutral world Cera, home to captain Kayto Sheilds, and first officer Ava, who have been entrusted with the hyper-advanced warship, Sunrider.Together with a baker, a wannabe hero, a merc, a girl from another time, a discredited medical officer and a black ops agent (which you don\'t exactly start with any of them with you. The game has "boss fights" where only two of them have unique units, but every mission is strategic challange in itself. Even if you are a seasoned strategy veteran, you will have trouble later even on normal difficulty, and if you feel suicidal, try space whale difficulty.I\'ll forgive the lacking voice acting, and low gameplay-to-storyline ratio, because it was done so well.I couldn\'t help but be reminded of HOTD\'s soundtrack, and Halo\'s story whilst playing Mask of Arcadius, as it has it\'s own character, humour and soul, unlike most of the games we play.If you want a game that will make you laugh, cry, ragequit and do a victory dance (I certainly did all of these), Sunrier: Mask of Arcadius, is your game.Now for Love in Space\'s to do list:-Make an awesome game - Check-Make a sequel - in progress-Make an anime-DLC-(optional) Put a price tag on Mask of Arcadius-Nerf that awakened blackjack. (You\'ll see in the final mission.)
This game has a variety of modded game and normal valve servers. I have played this aleast 2 years so far, and it pretty much fun for age 14 or older.
Best hat simulator around.
 que shusha ago en la primera parte¿?
horribly optimized
highly recommend! + good soundtrack+ great tactical gameplay+ cool characters+ neat art style+ has new game++ challenging and rewarding
great multiplayer experience very chaotic
i like this is fun and awsome mostly i play sniper :D
Awesome Game, Amazing Slow motion when you get head shots! 10/10 :D
Stupidly fun. Worth the buy.
The benchmark from which all online FPS should be judged.
Loadout.exe dejo de funcionar, 10/10 IGN
One of the most fun games I have ever played, I was skeptical due to the graphics at first, but it is so much more than that. 10/10
I havnt actually played it yet and will update when I do, But im just blown away by the commitment that stardock has to its games and fans, I was starting to lose hope for a sequal to this series and then BAM dlc for the original??? Thankyou very much stardock, looking forward to a sequal somewhere down the line :)
this game is a peice of ugly...it would be funny if the guy that made this got in a car crash..LOL that would be funny
the walking dead is awsome game i think heaps of people should get it
HIghly reccomend this game...... Amazing story and it is well done all the way trhough from start to end!
It is a game untilizing an old engine but still crashes mid game. Such a shame.
Please tell me when Oceanic servers come out.....
One average game..but not recommended for someone who expects "more"...pretty much in MultiPlayer,ALL you do is go up to the opponent/melee him until down/shoot him to death.To me this game is kind of "broken".If you still want to download this game,go right ahead,nobody\'s stopping you.
Fun game, but the mouse movement is a bit funny and takes a bit of getting used to. Not as fast and as sharp as normal mouse movements. Sensitivity setting does not seem to fix it, but otherwise a good game.
I have played through the game of firewatch and it is definately a game that is worth playing it is a awesome story you never want to stop until its finished and it is beautiful to play and it does deserve some of what people are saying like how the ending is bad and rushed but i think that as a whole it is an expirience that everyone needs to play
Played a few hours, seems alright.
so far its great but it frame rate is a problem, could be me though so still great
This game is amazing. High quality entertainment. 9.5/10
It\'s Civ style map strategy, with the battles optionally fought through RTS, but instead of the normal arial camera, you get to fly about as a dragon and light stuff on fire!Of course there\'s the politics in between fights and I often found myself thinking "why are you bothering me, i\'m a dragon, leave me alone so i can burn things", but it certainly did add to the game while satirising real world politics and ideologies.I\'m not much of an RTS fan but this was fun.
Obama care caused this to happen to all the doctors in the world
If you've thought about buying DayZ but have been sceptical, I recommend doing it now. With this most recent patch it not only looks great but runs incredibly. DayZ is only a game for people who can put up with some bugs and not for those just in it for the pvp. If you want pvp, go with Arma 3.
nom nom
YEAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
PTSD 10/10
Horrible horrible Game DO NOT BUY
The only good MMO, and a dang good one.
Very good game, much fun, such hours.
It's fun!
Personaly my favorite game in the Crysis series solely because of how the nanosuit works. Being able to actively switch between the four different suit mods alows you to instantly adapt to changing situations, add on the instant weapon customisation  and you get one of the most dynamic shooters out there. Still remember one  of my favorite moments in gaming is when i punched a truck into a Korean soldier nocking him flat on the ground only for his buddy to accidentaly shoot the gas tank and blow him up.All in all a great sandbox to endlessly fight an intelligent and tough enemy.*NOTE*(this game dosn't run on some versions of windows. So look into that before you purchase) 
Asked if I wanted to be rich, said yes. Asked if I was afraid of death, said no. I get into the shark cage and it starts to lower. Wait what? Nobody told me there would be water.
An entertaining game with a nice sense of humour. :D
This game is amazing. Its fast-paced platforming provides fun but challenging gameplay, and the soundtrack from this game fits the art asthetic well with its vibrant music. If your looking for a challenge, or just some nice music, you should pick up this gem.
this game is simple, but awesome!
I'm pretty new to the game, wish i could play more.
fun
amazing game 10/10 no scam
nice game
this gave my cancer ebola
8/8accidental bear trap death sim
An awesome game from an awesome series. While this is a hack-n-slash spin off of the from the rad as ♥♥♥♥ Metal Gear universe it is still a great game. It takes the dodge mechanic from bayonetta that everyone loved and gives it a cyborg twist. With a mind blowing sound track, stunning visuals and epic boss fights this is a must buy for any character action gamer. Oddly easy too, did most of normal mode with "A" ranks first try while mucking about :P9.5/10!P.s Grab a controller cause it can get button mashy
NOT EVEN WORTH BUYING, TOO MANY HACKERS...A money waster
Even though ARMA 3 may be out, this came still kicks ♥♥♥. The open world single player campaign, the modded multiplayer servers where you fight wars against AI's and the well fleshed out mission maker allow you to explore any scenario you like. The gunplay is solid, but you have to take it a lot slow than other FPS such as Battlefield or Call of Duty.Overall, this is a marvellous open world shooter which has some nice extensibility.10/10 would recommend.
Bittersweet painal, obscenity-filled ♥♥♥♥♥♥s, and a boob job pre-dating the birth of Jesus. In other words, this game. It's ♥♥♥♥ing beautiful. I instantaneously ♥♥♥♥ my pants, every time.
When i first bought the game I thought it would'nt be that good but surprisingly its good.The story is good, the combat feels nice and customizing is amazing!
Too good 10/10
Too good 10/10
Having fun so far
This game is beyond awesome and a little bit hardcore with GORE!
The most funniest game EVER!
Delicious.
great game, 9/10, only 9 because of broken multiplayer (some of the time)
just as fun as the book
This game is very fun for those who like the survival type games. I myself enjoyed it very much, but would have also loved to add a customisation feature for the survivors. And it would have been nice for a wider option of potential home sites. The only thing that disapointed me was the ending, it was kind of cliché.
Good game
AMAZING!!!!!!!!!
Great and immersive game. Despite the few bugs (as it is in Alpha), it is a great improvement from the Arma 2 mod.
10/10 would scout again
Love this game to pieces. Only reason I haven't played it more is because I got a new computer and I can't be bothered to install it. :/
This game is the ♥♥♥♥10/10 have bought more than onceKill your friends
Now that I've finally finished the Walking Dead series, the invisible onion cutting people have left :*(
great game
jogo muito bom pra quem tem um pc bom estilo diablo F2P de herois pena que tem esse sistema de cash e tals mas fora isso o jogo é bom pra quem gosta de diablo
Star WarsEnough said
....
I love the Tropico series, and Tropico 5 has made that love stronger.
help
the bees boobies ^u^
How could you not like this game.
How could you not like this game.
Let me tell you the story of a man. His adventures would ne\'er be forgotten.He woke up on a beach, far away from society. Realizing that he had nothing on, he began to venture. Far and wide he walked, discovering new things each meter he goes. A blocky world like this, it bears resemblance to a game. Finally discovering structures, he made a beeline for it. As he entered the seemingly abandoned town, he yelled for a response. He did get a response, however not what he had hoped. 14 zombies came directly for him, not knowing what to do, he ran. Far, far away he went, with zero sense of direction. The man decided to take a break, so he lay on the soil and slept...Six days later, he awoke. A group of people had managed to stumble upon him. Requesting to join them, they accepted. Those group of people had much adventures together... Then, came 3.0. With many new items and modifications, this man was excited to discover these features. First came new weapons, then came grenades, zombie upgrades, weapon skins and costumes, helicopters, boats and planes... and finally, sentry guns. This world was beginning to be completed. There was, however one disadvantage. With the world being more smooth, the man froze with every step. Large delays occured wherever he looked. He thought to himself, "I could deal with this.", so he went on.He discovered a plane, and chose to give it a spin. The flight was pretty successful, however during his descent, he froze. He was able to move 10 seconds later, however by that time, his plane was already near the floor. Observing the nearby environment for the last time, he noticed that right where he was about to crash, there was a naked man fending off zombies. With not but a few moments to live, he chose to assist a fellow human. He steered the plane towards the person. The man thought of his adventures, all the fun he had. His chain of thoughts came to an end. With the last being: "ALLAHU AKBAR!".And that, is the story of my gaming experience of Unturned...10/10 would not wear clothes throughout the entire adventure again.
THIS IS MY PREVIOUS REVIEW WHEN I HATED THE GAME. YOU CAN READ IT BUT MY NEW REVIEW IS AFTER THE BELOW!I thought it was an extremely fun game. I loved the D-Day mission in campaign and even without the expansions it is an excellent game.UNTIL. i went on the game one time and found that ALL units and BASES were invisible. I tried everything and even looked solutions up on Youtube but to no avail. Sadly this game was a waste of my money and it is now unplayable because the enemies are invisible and it just ruins the once amazing Company of Heroes. I am now sort of hesitating to buy CoH 2 becuase it could happen with that game too and COH 2 is $50. So sadly this game was a waste of time and money and unless it gets fixed i won't and can't play the game again. But to wrap up on a good note, i had plenty (About 4 matches) of good times and it is an older game so i can't expect too much. Cya and hope the the gods it gets fixed. =)*EDIT*SO i reinstalled the game after deleting it and i happily found out that it didn't turn my men invisible. I replayed the 1st campaign 1st level but on the second level, ALL my men and enemy men were in T-Pose with their guns sticking out of there chests and to make it worst EVERYTHNG BUT THE GROUND WAS BLACK (Not bien racist). I couldnt see my objectives becuase a huge black wall would appear in front of it and it is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. I will uninstall this game forever and go play Men of War Assault Squad, a REAL strategy game. MOWAS is soo much better than ths junk AND in MOWAS there is an editor, though complicated. This game is stupid and i will never waste money on sequels ore anything, even if it is on sale. SCREW THIS GAME*EDIT*Sorry i raged quite a bit when i wrote the review. Now 2 years after uninstalling i downloaded it again. The new steam version. And it worked perfect. i have played heaps already and i am soo happy my favourite strategy game is back in action! Thankyou whoever changed the game. U R the best!!!10/10Perfect
100% recommend this game for any age and any personalitly its a beautiful game with a lot of storys to tell and to live by id tell you more about it but it would ruin the story have fun with it and its worth the price
Good, fun game in the BioShock series. I feel, however, it does not live up to the franchise name, the story is not innovative at all; find the girl, shoot bad guys, win. The gameplay is very repetitive and the story feels like it is purposely dragged out for too long. Visuals are very nice indeed, but the story was not interesting at all. Only buy the game if you want a short "gallery shooter", with a mildly interesting plot and boring characters. Sadly I cannot recommed this game, I want too, but when a singleplayer game cannot form an interesting plot, it falls at its core and everything else falls with it.
Undertale is a great game for most people.I did find it kinda easy though, only dying a total of 20 times through all the possible routes.Games story is kinda good, but its the Chracters which are really good. 11/10
I don't even know where to start with this game. I'm pretty sure by now, everyone who WANTED to play this game has either heard of it or played it already. Firstly it looks amazing. The graphics look superb, especially for being made on a 9 year old engine, it is truly astonishing. Secondly, gameplay. I've played this game, many, MANY, times over, and I'm still not sick of the gameplay elements. It's that good. Honeslty, as long as I have a PC, I will be replaying this game. Leading onto replayability. Portal 2 has lots. Ever since the Perpetual Cooperative Testing Initiative, and the addition of the Steam Workshop, there has never been so many reason to go back and play Portal 2, whether it be playing top rated chambers from the workshop, or discovering how socialable you are in cooperative. This game will become a classic, in generations to come. I just wish that Valve would make another masterpiece like it. It is one of the best games I have ever played. And unlike the Cake, that is no lie my fellow gamers.
Really similiar toace of spadesphysics a little wierd but fun game over all needs more work on the multiplayer
Massaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa pa ♥♥♥♥♥
This honestly is one of the worst games on steam, i hate it, the controls are all glitchy, it crashes a lot, can't believe i wasted $30 on this crap. want my money back
This game is a bit buggy, so if your going tyo complain about lag and glitches, dont get this, cause it's still in Alpha. But it's a very good game which is constantly improving
Is very gud game
Just like Counter Strike, but good!
If I have any more than 50 hours in ANY game you know it's gotta be pretty darn good :P
this game is the best mix of a RTS/ TBS/ rogue-like game i have ever played. i recomed this more than i can recomend any game i have played. the music is perfect. the difficulty is perfect (very difficult) and with the new expansion pack it is even more beautiful.
Rip and tear through these weeklings all while having a vast array of badass costumes you can use! SO MUCH FUN!
Great game for the ZOMBIES but multiplayer is fine but WaW is known for its custom zombie maps :D
Amazing. Absolutely amazing. Can't wait for further updates!
this is a really good game as ucan explore around and meet new things and suits all genders
8/8 would rate to a mate
After about 2 thousand hours on this game called Dota 2. My life has changed ever since. (For the worst)Things you can expect in Dota 2:1. Extreme clicking at about 120 Apm (Action per minute) 2. Countless of time spent on mastering hero builds and abilities3. Watching YouTube videos of famous players such as Dendi, RTZ Etc.4. Getting flamed by team for the slightest misplays5. Getting flamed by opponents for killing them6. EZ GG at the end of every game even though the game was hard7. Expect pinoys (Filipinos) in every game8. Waiting for players to accept the match and load in the match9. Supports not buying wards10. Getting flamed by your team for ks (Kill stealing) when it is obvious he can’t kill him by himself11. One hour long matches to keep your pee in.12. Unable to leave your chair as everyone will unpause almost instantly13. Climbing the MMR (Matchmaking Rating) that keeps fluctuating14. Tons of trash talks for winning and even losing15. Don’t expect to have a girlfriend either because Dota is your girlfriend16. Tons of new items tempting you to spend your money17. Mid or feed players. Nah just kidding, It’s called feed or feed18. Get banished to hell known as Low Priority prison19. Asking yourself what is the purpose of life20. Courier stealingEssentially, Dota is a greedy demon that steals your virginity and sanity. But I still love it.10/10 will play it until I die
This game is a must have for anyone who is into fast-paced strategy fighting games. It's also very challenging. You will die atleast 5 times every boss battle, trying to figure out the strategy to finally take the boss down, all the while somehow enjoying it. Once you finally beat each boss, the way you finish him off is always so satisfying. Might just be me, but I love this game because of how satisfying all of it is. If you want to kill a ♥♥♥♥ ton of people for seemingly no reason but to progress through the well layed out, amazingly amazing story, then get this game.10/10 would play again.
HELP ME i buy it on steam but he just wont let me play when i click play he pop out a error (SteamAPI_Init0) fail i dont know what to do i even reinstall but nothing hapen
Mountain is love, mountain is lyfe
A good game to trade for TF2 keys then for games
noice
Very good. Ending credits song :') The feels.
Arkham Origins is wroth buying because of its amazing story and gameplay even though there are some glitches and the controls are a bit hard to get use to when you start playing.
Tomb Raider is one of the best 3rd Person Action Shooters! Deserves to be played!
This game is one where you can put countless hours into it and still find new things. If you get it make sure to get the season pass. All the DLCs are amazing <3 10/10
希望可以加入多人游戏
First thoughts - interesting game with an relativly steep learning curve. Similar to CSS but in a good way, easy to play for long periods of time too.
Looks fantastic, has a great soundtrack and a compelling storyline. What's not to love about bastion?! Having heard a little bit about it, I picked it up in a sale and was imidiately hooked. If you have even a mild inclination to buy bastion, go ahead, you won't regret it!
EPIC YOU CAN HAVE FREEEEEEEEEEEDOM
Jumped out of a window, knocked out a guard with a door I kicked in, electrocuted a guard as he accidentally shot the guy next to him. What a day!
Loading Screen Simulator 2014....
The pinnical of rage induction technology
Stra-te-gy at its finest! Great army vs army battles
This game is so much win
It's a really good game fun but hard when you go online (but it could be I'm bad at the game), yes you could get super smash bros but this game is free and fun and this is coming from a person who doesn't use many microtransactions and the few I did use I regret and they whernt on this game
LOVEEEEEEEEE this game really fun to play great to kill zombies players are a lttile rude but still great game
Steal ♥♥♥♥ with friends
Dota 2
Honestly 1 of the best games out these days. If you have a group of friends playing with you its load of fun. Very good yet very frustrating, updated constantly cant wait to see where they go with this.
Turns out there's a game breaking bug at the 2nd dungeon (Drenchfort) whereby the blue ball is missing and you can't get in. That's it, end of story. Restarting and reloading doesn't fix the issue. People have been complaining about it since FOREVER and the developers haven't even DEIGNED to respond. Don't buy this game, and if this is reflective of how the developers take responsibility for their product, then I suggest don't buy any game from this developer at all.
good game
Minecraft: 5 swords and 1 bow.Terraria: HOLY CHRIST WHO KNOWS HOW MUCH CONTENT!Minecraft: A few cool mobs like the ender man and two bosses.Terraria: 17 BOSSES AND NEAR INFINITE MOBS!Its such a good game and not a knock off of minecraft, its now minecrafts idol 12/10
This game is very good game if you like working in teams, pulling off heists in the game and Alternate ways to get the job done like do it through stealth or just go blazing with guns, i recommend the people who are wanting to buy this to play it, its really worth your time and alot of fun ^^
Completed with 25hrs. gr8 game
Blew up missionary because he didn't let me and my 3 abominations rest for the day. 10/10 goty
i dont have this game and i dont kno0w y i can write a review
Brutal. If you die it's definitely not the games fault, it's your own.
คุ้มค่ามากครับ
I just noscope the monolith.GG best game ever
Easily the best free-to-play game out there. So why not try it out?
Hard and challenging, always something to learn and it never gets boring. Currently my favourite game ever.
What's better than running around as a new spawn, knocking someone packed out, taking his gun and going on a rampage? This game's limitations are endless. 100% garunteed you won't find a more exciting, fun and adictive zombie survival in early access. From playing it quite a bit, looking back on it, I would happily play $100 for this game. I've spent a lot of time on Dayz, and plan to play a lot more from the looks of things. Watch out for stairs, they're deadly.
'The Night of the Rabbit' is a fantastic game! For those who enjoy having to think hard and outside the box, I believe this game would bring many fun filled hours!The storyline is nothing to scoff at either, points in the story you might of thought to be plot holes at one point will eventually be sewn up neatly and tied together with a nice finish. All in all the story telling, if graded, is an A+ easily in my eyes.The game, while in all is not overly long, the amount of thinking needed to actually advance will definitely stump you for a good while, that alone is enough to lengthen the game time considerably.(Also, it doesn't hurt that there are achievements. Being a completionist myself, I think you'll have a lot of fun trying to get them all!)
Very good game to get a quick gaming fix, can get repetitive but the excellent controls will always have you coming back for some more.
MEME DOG? Never doubt it.
The game is unplayable laggy. I might have potential in the future. but for right now dont bother with it.
Great game, but there are to many exploits.
Gr9 m9 9/9. Would play again
Blew a horn for 1 straight hour people were wondering what it was 10/10
In its current state, I can\'t recommend this game. I can play BF4 at ULTRA getting 50-60 FPS, but this game is unplayable with everything on low. Yes, I am impacted by the AMD glitches, and yes, I updated to beta drivers, it doesnt work. I can\'t even get past the first level because of how laggy it is. I dont care about NVIDIA waveworks, and hairworks, and gameworks, whatever. The game should work just as well on all systems, and its like Avalanche completely forgot AMD existed. The "Quality Assurance" manager is a bit of a joke considering how unplayable this game is. Do not buy it until it is fixed.
Good drill good life
<<<A HIDEO KOJIMA GAME>>>Writing this with my tears, I can say this is probably the best in the Metal Gear franchise and it deserves to be bought at full price. Don't wait just buy it
Do I recommend this game? YES YES YES. Talk about good gameplay, and an awesoem storyline. This game is mosty better than AC, AC2, AC3 an ACR in my opinion. But, AC4 will win it. On the other hand, if you do not have a computer that cannot run AC4, than this game is the AC game for you. Putting the ridiculously OP counter aside, the battling part of the the game is still decent. The free roam adds more gameplay time in this game, which is always good. Of course, the part where you can recruit assassins is so good. It`s just like AC4, but with assassins, not pirates. So, all around, it is a good game. :)
THIS IS A GOOD WAR SIM
This game is kinda pointless. its still fun to see whats inside guns. And this is kind of educational.I pretty much recommend this if you want to learn what makes guns work!
best game i have played in a while
just awesome
bagus bah
i love it it has lots of mods i rate it 10/10!fell free to commont!
This game is extremely chill, and doesnt make you angry in the slightest, made for the casual gamer and everything is handed to you on a silver platter. if you cant finish this game or beat me there is something seriously wrong with you
I played this game for 200 hours on PS3, 100 on Xbox 360, then I came here.15/10, best game of 2014.
I\'ve played every installment of the \'Fallout\' series and I can say this. Fallout 4 is a worthy follow up. There is a camp currently talking about how it is not a good \'Fallout\' game and I can see where they are coming from but I will say this: \'Fallout 4\' is the least "Fallout like" \'Fallout\' game and that\'s fine. making a system that does not punish people at the end for a mistake made in the beginning is not inherently a bad thing.Furthermore, complaints have been raised over the story. I agree, it\'s pretty mediocre, though, lying beneath the mediocrity is an intricately woven narrative of decption and political unrest. The player character is able to subtly influence things to their benefit, this is not on the worldchanging scale seen in \'New Vegas\' but talking a scientist out of being in a location and possibly helping you do something awesome, or learning informationm from one faction and using it to aid your own. This exercise in subtlety is something to be appreciated. The main story disappointment is how little of an incentive (At least I felt), there is to work with two of the factions as they seem to take a backseat to the commanding presence of the other two. I also would\'ve preferred the missions that make you a permanent enemy to certain factions to not be an instantaneous "Screw this guy he agreed to do a thing" the subtlety was missing from this aspect, perhaps a point where the members are confused that a large horde has rocked up to their door allowing for a quick chat wherin you are able to (Politely) tell them that you\'re going to kill them and the rest of their faction and steal their stuff. Furthermore, conversations in the game pertaining to violence boiled down to \'f5\' "You shouldn\'t kill people" Fail, \'f9\' repeat.Charisma is a highly valuable skill in the Commonwealth, too valuable. The issue with charisma in this game is that many times you are able to talk your way out of conflict which can be slightly overpowered and anticlimactic. A focus on combat is the name of the game this time around with gunplay heavily improved and VATS no longer stopping time but rather slowing it, adding to the high intensity situations you can often find yourself in, especially if you underlevel yourself leading into story missions. That\'s why I\'m ok with SPECIAL and the perks working the way they do this time around. It\'s still possible to be punished for bad decision making but it\'s not nearly as intrusive and if you go down the path I did your companions are more than capable of helping out. Overall Fallout 4 is a genuinely enjoyable expeience so do yourself a favour and rollout to the fallout with me.
Simply amazing. You have to play it for yourself, its not possible to capture the feeling and depth you get from this title and put it in a review. I imagine everyone who plays through it will get a different experience, go on a different journey. Not in the game but with in themselves.
A Great game. Highly recommended
otimo jogo pena q a sua movimentação seja muito ruim
Having put in over 100 hours now, I can safely say that this game is definitely worth the $15 it is advertised at. It's like Smash, yes, but more like Melee made easy. The controls are fantastic, and the characters and meta are constantly evolving, and if you're willing to put in the time, you can make any character you want the best.That being said, this game is engineered for competitive play, and thus if you live in a region with no weeklies or monthlies and have a poor internet connection, you'll have a hard time finding people to play.If you're into Melee / Smash in general, give this a go, and I can gaurantee you will have a good time
Such an addictive game xD
One of the best games of last generation. I replay it yearly.
เล่นง่าย
It's great,hard and free
Bioshock was way better, this one keeps crashing all the time and I lost all my save files after half way through the game. :|
i liek et
One the best games that simulates trench warfare with rigid controls and  few bugs
 This game is amazing I picked up this game 2 years ago, and I didn't last long. Came back the year later, again I was defeated.But I couldn't let a game beat me, and I got back into it. Here I am now, having 100% completed this game, and I can confidently say this game is possibly the best game I've ever played, despite it's  glaring  flaws.  GET THIS GAME  and you won't regret it.Ok maybe you will, but wait, push through it, and get gud, because THAT is when the game truly begins! Only then can you experience this glorious game for what it truly is.470+ deaths and NG+7, it was all worth it.Originally posted by Solaire: If only I could be so grossly incandescent... \\[T]/ 
get this game so i have people who are as bad as me to play with im tired of versing people with like 1000+ player points help me out pls tyalso its very fun
Naked guys running around with rocks... 10 out of 10!
Good fun game with grate story
If I have to put this game into 1 sentenceMedieval Castle Destruction Simulation for Strategy Extremists.if put into one wordAWESOME!!!!
IS good, family friendly and very enjoyable for children under the ages of 12.
THIS GAME IS FOR PEOPLE WHO HAS BIG IMAGINATION AND FUN AND STRAGETIC WAY TO RELAX AND THINK BIG AND PLAY WIth OBJECTS
Kingdom is great fun and the pixel art is just great. It is really enjoyable and definitely worth the money. Check out my Let's Play series on it: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QPMV2D8ocks 
Nice game, I like it. There's alot of variety in this game, from the different gameplay styles of each classes, to the different community-made game mechanics, and very wide customisation options.
THIS GAME IS AWESOME 10/10
Died 11 times in the first 30 minutes of gameplay.If you want a challenge, play this on the hardest difficulty and you'll definitely have loads of fun.
Good f2p
Fun game to waste time on. Especially when it is on sale for $5
Is good.
jogo bom recomendo da pra zera rapidinho :)
k
this game is ♥♥♥♥ing gay.it makes me wanna shoot myself
awesome game
Shockingly bad
Wonderful game love the look of it it has great Gunplay and the missions arent to hard early on.
Timeless
This game is amazing. It's fun, original and clever. Everything just works, and from the music to the environments, this game is beautiful. There's just so much to do! You could be a space-pirate and go around looting every planet you come across, or you could build, and slowly expand across the universe, building a civilisation. The lore is rich, and that's almost a selling point. It's easy to get lost reading through the countless writings that are scattered through the universe, and some of the lore is a bit subtle too, like when there's a camp of mysterious beings sitting near a barrel on fire. I fully recommend this game, if you get the chance, buy it.
This game is so amazing. It has so many features I could nearly drown in sand and bleach, and dont even get me started on the 8k resloution man this is so optimized it nearly gave me Downsyndrome... Please go buy this game and come play with me it is worth the 60c man........... DO IT
got this the day i was learning about the battle of Verdun in Modern History haha, pretty sick game! would recommend
Awesome game, recommend getting it. still a few problems but overal great
10/10 Would NEVER play again!
THIS IS THE BEST GAME EVERRRR!!!!!
Buy this if you want a quality horror game10/10
Best acing game for PC ever.
This game is brilliant in one day i hit 14 hours. When im not home playing it im thinking of ways to imrpvoe my farm. Im pretty sure mlim addicted.
I remember playing the demo and having a lot of fun. Before i purchased the full version i had played the demo for 6 hours after i completed the game and exited to desktop i had played for 2 hours. However there is replay value. There's plenty of collectables and stuff to find but i really didn't want to do that. This game has been out for a while and after all this time i doubt there will be a sequel i'll admit i enjoyed my time with tiny & big and i do recommend it just don't think i'll return to it anytime soon. 6/10 - A stormy sky with no rain.. disappointing
GOOD GAME
Company of Heroes is a game where you have to manage your resources carefully as if you waste them then it would cost you dearly. COH is a great game for people who wants a challenge when playing multiplayer.
Brilliant game, if you have even a slight interest in this, buy it
I never got into any Mortal Kombat games before and I decided this would be the one. Of the 5 or so hours I played I thoroughly enjoyed it and was looking forward to putting many hours into it. I was especially excited to hear about KP2 and the GGPO netcode fix coming only to discover today directly from NRS' mouth that they are dropping support for PC. If this decision was based on WB's perceived notion that they wouldn't make a profit off the PC player base currently the irony is that fixing the netcode I'm sure would have brought back many players who in turn may have bought KP2 and any future DLC. I'm glad I only paid $15 for the game and that they didn't get any of that money. I will not buy any of WB or NRS games again. Vote with your wallet if you don't want this to happen again to the PC community.EDIT: The more I play MKX the more I love it but I wonder if continually playing it and building my skills is worth it in a game that for a lack of a better metaphor, has effectively had it's throat cut and is slowly bleeding to death.
Great game, ♥♥♥♥ microtransactions.(Although we all know microtransactions are ♥♥♥♥. No need for me to add a redundant adjective there, but I did.)
That narrator !
My religion is satanism.........666/10
Nostalgia overload
FANTASTIC GAME! Graphics, gameplay, style and music (music is amazing). Keep it up and goodluck with the next project.
The kind of game that is worth to spend money from your parent's credit card
Saw a guy. Made friends with him, gave him some food, killed me for a rotten banana. 10/10
pretty fun for a couple of thousand hours, but meet your match is pretty penisy. plus overwatch has tracer's ♥♥♥ which is nice so yeah ♥♥♥♥ tf2
It had potential, shame it was ruined by awful developers.
I do really recommend this game. TelTale did an excellent job working with the original cast on this one. With Christopher Lloyd coming back to voice doc and A.J. Locascio doing an amazing job for Marty you'll be thrown back in time. The icing on the cake is the Michael J Fox cameo in the last episode. If you loved the back to the future trillogy than you'll certainly love this game!
Buenisimo !
Addictive and challenging.
Maul PPL
One of the best puzzlers ever. It\'s amazing how they could turn a first-person "shooter" into a puzzle game. Great story line and co-op feature, and is almost never ending with the amount of community test chambers.
Para recommends this game to anyone with a WW2 passion for weapons and tactics. This is PR in world war 2 and great fun
a very very fun and funny game to play :D
Sean Bean Simulator420/69
This Game Is Great, Loved it, Would Have Liked To See More Story However As Is If You Only Play The Story From Start To Finish Not Bothering With Anything Else Should Get At Lest A Good 5 HoursHighley Recommened
Love this! great effects, the noises... owe the noises.
great unique gameplay but could use just a bit more work on visuals and resoulotion look.
Fun Game! Lots of Great Items, and awesome hats!
This gameplay world never stops the upgrades too i love this game i cant wait for the third
Horrendous game. Avoid like the plague.
Great game! Played it lots of times, enjoyed it so far!
Probably the best free to play game.
Jack the ripper is back! Definately recommended for all action/MGS fans!
Such a beautiful game
I\\'ve gotten better gains with an Ab-Circle Pro
Think of Dead island X Farcry X Assassins Creed.This game has everything you would want for a zombie apocalypes definetely one of the best games i have ever played10/10 would bang.Ps. If anyone thinks they can take me as a Night Hunter i challenge you to try.
good stuff
I pray to RNGesus nightly for the blessings to reach the end of this game, but I have yet to ascend to the glorious safety of the Federation's arms.
55555+ เล่นดูมันแน้
This game is easy once you get the hang of it, the downloadable maps are such Prestiege I can feel it c:<. But all in all it is a hard game but it isnt impossible
Great gamegameplay is great and the marketable and tradable skins in the game is an amazing idea
GG
best game ever!
really fun game
At least its not Advanced Warfare
gg life nice knowing you
Best game ever!
Melhor jogo de mundo aberto
muito bom
I find it impossible to improve at this game in any way.
Killed a bandit trying to kill me, took his pants and stuff off. In the end, I fell of a few flight of stairs the height off my leg and died. 12/10 Best death
A very cute game, although limited in gameplay and game time. Great if you're just bored, but the pricetag is a little steep for a 3-5 hour game. Runs fine on older PCs and visuals are very appealing. A definite buy for fireplace simulator fanatics (you know who you are).
Ótimo jogo, vale muito a pena, ainda mais se for jogar multiplayer :D
A great game to play with friends!!!
Not too bad, worth the price on special. Generic post apocolyptic story, features a guy and girl exchanging banter while in opposite sells. Follows the womens stories about how she arrived in the cell, what she did to survive in the world. Decent enough ending. I found the music horrible, lack of quick travel as in no double click to enter doors or access a different area without having to slowly walk everywhere. Recommend the game at sale price only.
Best game I have played in years!
It's nice in the surfBUTWhat about the men in the trenches?GO AND  HELP
Best sequal to minecraft since call of duty.
i love this game NOTE TO EVERYONE THIS GAME WILL WORK WITH ONLY TF2 DOWNLOADED
Went to space and tickled ♥♥♥♥♥ with a space man. 26/10 Goat of the year.
♥♥♥♥
I started playing this and things seemed to be going ok but i got to the first door after the pad locked one in chapter 1 and the game crashed. Iv read around alittle and alot of other people have this problem the game needs a patch to fix it but it is unlikely it will get one.I have no problems with this game other then not being able to play it past the begining.
As soon as i heard this was coming out i was so excited just getting more hyped for it every day and everyone said you are going to be disapointed and i kinda thought they were right but im baffled by how entranced i am by this game the main story line was fantastic every single part of it was captivating and made me want more. The landscape and overall feel of the wilderness and cityscape was intense, each area had its own culture and Skellige                Novrigrad Vellen etc. etc. were completely different and the atmosfear felt so authentic.And the monsters i dont read much in games i just fly through it but they were so indepth the beastiaries were just a joy to read everytime i discovered another creature. Side quests Monster hunts and scavenger missions were well thought out and rich in story i felt accomplished after killing another Wyvern or Wraith and the spoils from them. Even the Monster Dungeons and Bandits camps were cool and different each time.IN SUMMARY everything about this game makes my heart flutter with joy and excitement this has been the best purchase ive made in a long time.
greaat game :D
Da Best shizz ever
best game ever with the best dlc GET ITTT
My hand got stuck in a ribcage i spent the next 20 min waving my mouse to try get it out shortly after i smash the ribcage i spend another 30 min waving my mouse around to try disloge a organ that simply won't come out no matter how hard i try ♥♥♥♥ this game, Testing my paitence on purpose wasn't fun at all.
Huge ♥♥♥♥ing waste of time. I waited ovenight for this to dowload only to be ♥♥♥♥ed over by a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ patcher that makes the game impossible to play. I turned to the forums and tried everything to get this peice of ♥♥♥♥ working but to no avail. My download speed varied from ~1100 mbps (yes, megabytes, i live in australia so i dont even know how the ♥♥♥♥ this is possible) to negative (yes, negative) 10 mbps. Its a real shame because im sure this is a fantastic game but it will remain unplayable until the patcher is fixed. 2 hours of trying to get this ♥♥♥♥ to work and 0 seconds of gameplay. I am extremley unimpressed with this service. I will fight for my refund.
gameplay is as limp as my ♥♥♥♥, 3/10
Best game, so much fun and so much customisation with guns and character builds! Much for fun and fast paced than the first one.
If it aint the smurfs, its the hackers!
1: Spawned in killed chicken2: Got killed by bad guy3: Disconnected form server4: Uninstalled the game
really good game
Game has SWAG.
I am absolutley in love with this game. It's instantly one of my favourite games!
Best game in the world...
Awesome fun game. Playing as a Dinosaur. What could be better? :D
most ♥♥♥♥tastic shooter i have ever played. i have unloaded so much of my life into this game and i have regretted none of it. most of my best gaming memories have come out of this delicious peice of coding
It's just an episode of south park that is 8 hours long and you play it. Thats all right in my books. ps. Austrlian users get the uncensoring patch for the full experience.http://steamcommunity.com/app/213670/discussions/0/558749824588892365/?tscn=1394428498
This game will throw you into a pit where once you kill all the enemys (which don't play around) a portal opens and you decend to the next stage.whilst playing i found myself being torn to shreads by some of the most simplistic enemys, all because i was not prepared for there to be 15 of them. tearing through the game  as quickly as possible is on of the most funnest but most stupidest ways to play this. with such a limited amount of health and with enemys that do EXTREME amounts of damage it becomes a slaughter house if you don't prepare.This game is thrilling and will keep you wanting more. but will make you rage like a russian 12 year oldCYKAAAAAAAAAAAAA
good
Good game all round!
This game is just.....awful.
10/10
Good Thank and Have Fun!!!!!!
Full of idiots and potato brains
Bought it for $0.09, really hope the developer updates the games soon...
Stanley had been at his desk for nearly an hour when he realized that not one single order had arrived on the monitor for him to follow. No-one had showed up to give him instructions, call a meeting, or even say Hi. Stanley had been sitting at his monitor, staring at the review button on Steam. Scared, frightened, an order finally appeared. He breathed a sigh of relief as he was presented with two pressable buttons, to which Stanley would press the 'Yes' button.The button lit up with a magnificent glow, bathing Stanley in self-satisfaction. Stanley would then sit for hours waiting for the next prompt to appear. Although it did little to progress the review, Stanley would entertain himself with the various formatting, visibility and language options available. Grande recensione! Finally, Stanley realised there was a 'Post review' button, and laughed at himself for missing it earlier. 'Oh there it is! That's the button!' exclaimed Stanley, as he pressed it with palpable excitement.
9/10 - NEEDS BIGGER GUNS!!!!
Played it a bit. It's alright.
I obtained a CS:GO knife skin and was able to pay rent on my house with the proceeds of selling it on the steam marketplace! :)
It is a great all-round game!
best part was when i unistalled it
By far, my favorite Total War game in the series. Somewhat bare-boned compared to newer installments, but if want to do away with maintaining sea trade routs and dealing with heritics and witches, and just invade Europe, then I'd recomend taking this game for a spin. :3
Incredibly Fun. It is a whole different ball game surviving with 2. It can be both a hinderance and a blessing. You need more food, but you can collect more between the 2 of you. My one suggestion is that you play with only 1 or 2 other people at the start and make sure you know them so they will co=operate
great mod 10/10
This is the best game ever!
it is good, get/play it.NOW.
awesome game
O melhor
Great game, too bad people ♥♥♥♥ on it because they want to sound unique or seem edgy or cool.  Encountered a guy who said all reviews for Fallout 4 are 60% negative (obviously making ♥♥♥♥ up) . Don\'t even go on Metacric. All the player reviews give it a zero. A ♥♥♥♥ING ZERO? WORSE THAN A ♥♥♥♥ING BARBIE GAME? It isn\'t what people expected, but sure as hell exceeded mine. Don\'t listen to the ignorant ♥♥♥♥wits that say the game is bad to sound edgy. The game is great, buy it, and for the love of all things ♥♥♥♥ing Barbie, do not look at the player Metacric reviews, or you will die of how cancerous these wannabe "critics" are.+Weapon mod system+Voice acting+Settlement crafting+Moddability (Better mods will come with the release of the creation kit)+Graphics (game looks great on Ultra, and with a couple of extra graphical mods)+Perk tree+Some quests are fun to do+VATS no longer overpowered-Story endings (quite linear)-Dialogue options dumbed down-No low intelligence options (my favourite ;( )Game shifted from an RPG mechanic (don\'t get me wrong, still like an RPG) to an FPS approach (does it really well).
A reasonable 'unofficial end' to the burnout series, but far from the best. Having grown up on the console versions from the original through to revenge, I was actually disappointed by a few things, most notably the 'removal' of crashes as a core-component (as in, they're in there, but they're not essential to progress). Sometimes I found the new open world feature a little annoying. I want to go straight to an event - but no, instead I have to muck around driving to it, only to realise I don't have the right sort of car, so I have to spend ages driving back to somewhere I can swap a car just to go back and compete. Although, it was something new and it made things kind of fun. It even made you want to 'line up' your challenges, so that the end of one race was close to the start of another....I found it a bit unfulfilling, a lot of the unlocks came too easy and made little sense... I feel as though it's a bit of a victim of instant gratification-esque achievements in an attempt to try and woo gamers with short attention span that only enjoy frequent accomplishments rather than gamers that prefer a real challenge. Also I can now never listen to that stupid Guns 'n' Roses song ever again.... avoid if you like, and/or want to continue liking Guns 'n' Roses.
Extremely Entertaining combat.
awesome game, fantastic humor, love it 10/10
Awesomeness.
"Though it might be outdated, this doesn\'t mean there still isn\'t any fun to be had. You are dropped in the midst of a civil war, and tasked with finding the infamous weapon dealer "The Jackel." With two large, open areas to explore, there is major fun to be had. Some may dislike the AI due to how old the game is, but still a minor problem on this fantastic game. I would recommend giving it a whirl."Important note - This game is enhanced through "Dylan\'s Far Cry 2 Realism Mod." Making it change "...from an Africa-based sedan and pickup truck simulator into a (semi accurate) African conflict simulator." If you pick this game up on Steam, I highly suggest you install this mod. More info can be found in the link below. http://www.moddb.com/mods/dylans-far-cry-2-realism-mod
It's Such a great game and it has creative ways to.... Die?
Pretty good game "trilogy". Good story and character development. One thing that I find really impressive is how Alyx Vance is a follower in most of Episode 1 and 2, and she NEVER gets annoying. And she barely gets in the way either. Its also pretty cool how its set in the same world has the Portal series. It needed a better soundtrack though, and the gameplay can get a bit boring and repetative at times. And it has very few "WOW"moments.Its a pretty good game and i cant wait until Half Life 3/ Half Life 2: Episode 3 comes out. IF it comes out.
Boring
I played this little delight back before it came out on steam, I didn't come in with much but I was surprised at how quick I became invested in the character 'Mach'.The characters are charming and memorable even after just 1 playthrough and I enjoyed the references to Starcraft 2, granted I didn't know half the terms  even though I play the game but thats why this game has an extremely helpful glossary! The music is a joy to listen to and the art of the characters and backgrounds is really well done!Overall I'm already a big fan of this game and I'm very excited about its future and where the devs go with their new found success.Plus its FREE, what have you got to lose besides a bit of your time?
Online, Multiplayer, Steampunk, Zeppelin, Warfare.
Excellent game for an early Beta, Build whatever you can imagine and either watch it work gracefully or collapse and burn in a glorious way it really gets your imagination and inner engineer in motion and I look forward to futher updates of this game.
Sometimes I forget to feed myself because I'm playing Fallout 4.10/10.
Absolutely amazing. I highly reccomend this. One of the best DLC's i've ever seen so far. 2K should be proud.
Tried to download the mod for Mount and blade war bandTurned out i needed this500/5 I can get the mod now
An extremely good game.
Played alot offline.This is a simple hack n slash game like Diablo. the main attraction for me to get this was how much i love Diablo and Path Of Exile. The best part is that it has LOCAL MULTIPLAYER! but ya know what? the game still sucks.if you want a good hack n slahs, try Diablo and Path Of exile. and if you wnat LOCAL MULTIPLAYER try Guantlet.This game is simple bland and simple and not at all entertaining about 3 hours in.Overall 4/10 - It tried and failed pretty hard but the parts taht work, work well.
Absolutely amazing atmosphere and graphics coupled with the indulging story and voice acting creates this masterpiece of a game. Definitely worth to play.
A different take on the FPS universe. It features diverse gameplay and intense engagements. A great alternative to Call of Duty, Battlefield, ARMA, etc. Buy this game either on it's own or in the Garry's Mod bundle
Where are the exalts? :(
very repetitive with no content apart from grinding for materials
This game is a waste of your money. This is what you would get if someone made a poorly made version of a total war game. There are also no multiplayer features other than a playing with a friend over a LAN network. I thought it was really disappointing. I give it 2.5/10.
what wrong with the game guys this is one of my faveroute games guys try it don't get the game over the reviews try it yourself it is really good i am serious
This game will test your thinking skills and you need to use them to progress.Signs are scattered everywhere with cryptic hints, and they really do help. Use them.Did I mention how much Antichamber ♥♥♥♥s with your mind? You could find a wall, turn around to look back and look at the wall again to see it replaced by another hallway.Because screw logic!
I'll be honest. I got this because I love the empires series. but the graphics lack and the awkward camera translation to PC really ruin the vibe for me.If you're looking for a Empires experience, buy it, but be warned its not optimised for PC at allupon putting more time into the game.  I've noticed that seriously... You feel like a god. like in the old ones, sure. the little peon troops all died easy enough, but on the harder difficulties they did some damage, in this one, I can set difficulty to chaos. then proceed to casually walk to the enemy main camp, use one musou attack, and win the mission.  Its a bit pathetic really...
Its such a shame at seeing the good people with 2000+ hours leaving this game. I dont blame them though, tf2 is kinda being not as good as it used to be now. However, the unique gameplay makes it fun to play and ultimately end up wasting your life and making your credit card crash and burn. But still, tf2 is still tf2. In my opinion, Tf2>Cs>Cod>My goldfish's memory>Getting an F for your report>Valve.Thanks Valve for not caring for tf2 anymore :cStill play the game though, its fun c:
Yes.
Missing top
everyone must have really crap computers becuase mine handled this just fine
This game is so very funny.
...
pretty good but gets repetive and boring
interesante
This game is amazing! Most people have this game already, But I thought I should post a review for the hell of it. This game... Is just... Perfect is most was possible. It gets abit harder when you level up your restraunt but its fun!10/10 - Best Game EVER!- Kitty
This is a very fun game, and I would reccomend it to any fans of the strategy genre. The game is fun, engaging, interesting and sometimes hilarious, with the occasional occurence that is just messed up. I was once playing as a lustful old guy with a couple lovers. My wife is away at a convent or something, and I decide to see my lover when the event pops up... Little did I know that I would proceed to.... ♥♥♥♥ myself.... And become pregnant.... With my own child....... I think that's definitely a bug, and you can rest assured that the child that was born was disowned and banished.However, with that aside, I do have one major complaint about this game, namely the DLC. While I understand that Paradox needs to make money and pay its employees, it is utterly ridiculous that a hundred dollars worth of DLC is mostly features that should be in the vanilla game for no extra cost. The Ruler Designer DLC, for example. For five more dollars, you get the ability to customize your character! And that is literally it. For an eighth of the price of the entire game extra, you get the ability to customize the first character of a dynasty. And only the first character. For the added bonus of being able to play a non-christian ruler, you have to pay more money. Want to have a couple more options for the character customization? Fork out a little extra cash and you can. Want an earlier starting date? Pay Paradox! Twice! Want Genghis Khan to actually look like a Mongol and NOT an Arab? PAY MORE MONEY! While this is probably the best stategy game I have ever played, it is utterly ridiculous that you have to pay truckloads of money extra to use some features that should be in the CORE GAME. The ability to customize your ruler should NOT be something you pay an extra five dollars for, it should be in the core game for no extra cost. Too large a chunk of the available DLC are simply features that should be in the main game for no extra charge. So while I would recommend this game to fans of the genre, I would NEVER reccomend the DLC, at least not to people who are on a budget. Some of the DLC is worthy of extra cost, most of it is not.
Best way to pass the time! Great free game.
Deus Ex: Human Revolution is a game where you play as Adam "Mass Murderer" Jensen as he travels around the world accidentally killing entire populations of cities. You begin the game in Sarif Industries as a non-cyborg serial killer, in a room with a woman you don\'t care about or have to to care about before she is murdered. You walk all over the place. You reach the elevator, and then that dick♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ from I.T. comes in and cockblocks you. Then a security breach happens. Fortunately, you happen to be the head of security for ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Industries, and you\'ve got to deal with it because all the other security guards are off masturbating or something. You go down and kill loads of terrorists (\'MURICA ♥♥♥♥ YEAH) and then some augmented dicknugget kills your girlfriend (that ♥♥♥♥♥ that you don\'t care about) and basically kills you. Then you become augmented and get sent into a facility to go kill some more terrorists. You can choose to save the hostages, but you\'ve got better things to do. You go kill that Zeke ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and you go back to Sarif Co. and get yelled at by Sarif or something. You go outside the building and meet that person you never cared about\'s mother. You choose whatever for the first speech option. Then for the second, you choose the left one. You then close out of the game and delete local content. CONGRATULATIONS! YOU\'VE COMPLETED DEUS EX: KILL ALL HUMANS!8.5/10 for the serious answer.
All I can say is that...... THIS IS THE MOST BADASS GAME THAT HAS BEEN PRODUCED BY HUMAN HANDS!
game crashes in combat...if you dont know how to fic this then dont buy it!
Awesome Game, only just behind its sequel. A bargain at $2.49, a game everyone should have. 9/10
Team Fortress 2 IS VERY GOOD FOR A FREE GAME... AWESOME
i hate this game. it ruined my life. i spent all my money on it and now i have no life. i live in the homeless centre. this is a warning to all who are looking to get this game DONT BUY
fun game
its great. The graphics are awesome and the storyline is jusy wow.
aight
very unique game that gives you many different options.Also, very atmospheric and best played in the dark haha :) recommend
no
10/10 best time wasting simulator
BOOOM HEADSHOT. BOOM HEADSHOT. BOOM HEADSHOT. Much Recomendation.
Digital knives cost more than real knives 10/10
Walked in one foot of water, a shark ate me.11/10
Awesome.
Amazing
This is a good game, nuff said.
Personally being my favourite out of all the RTS's I have played. The Age of Empires series is something to look-in to if your in to other strategy games such as starcraft, civilization or even total war; And even though if you haven't played these games mentioned just try this game and im sure you'll love it!!
I stepped out of the Red Light Loft after loading into the game. I then went to my garage and selected my beautiful blue and black Phoenix. After doing so, I checked my map, to see where the closest mission was. As I was doing so, a cop that was walking along jumped in my car and took off. In alarm, I went back to the garage and selected my Voxel. The chase was on. Weaving in and out of traffic to catch my car. Being a bit of a clumsy driver, I collected notoriety from the police, and cops were swarming me. Through this struggle, my Voxel blew up. I could just see my beloved Phoenix in the distance. I could not give up. I stole a civilian’s varsity and was back on the chase. Unfortunately, this truck is slower than my other cars, and with police still swarming me, I lost the chase. "No matter, I\'ll just spawn it in again," I thought. Upon returning to my loft\'s garage, I made the horrifying discovery that my beautiful, beloved Phoenix had been removed. As I started to grieve, I realised there was a way to fix this. I loaded the save before this crime was committed.After doing so, I proceeded to check if my Phoenix was in my garage, it was. Full of relief, I selected it, and went to my map. Again, whilst doing so, a pedestrian came to my car. This time, I was prepared. As she swung my car door open, I swiftly ran over and beat her to a pulp. This, of course, attracted the police. I then proceeded to get in my car and drive away.10/10 would play over and over again
Don't get this game, there are better ones out there that are the same, that are more polished and have better controls and stuff to do.
map staring10/10
Dude i smoke this ♥♥♥♥
A truly unique game that everyone should experience.  I can't remember another game achieving so much with so little.  If ever there was a sign that the medium of video games is maturing, this is it - it's meaningful, poignant, confronting, challenging, stressful and charming.While I was expecting the monotony of immigration paperwork verification, I was not expecting such a strong and intricate storyline to unfold.
THIS IS SUCH A COOL GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!      TRY IT OUT :)
Did you like Binding of Isaac?Did you like Nuclear Throne?DO YOU LIKE GUNS!?well guess what they all just had an unprotected threesome and this is the result.
ไม่่จำเป็นต้องเติมก็เทพได้
Fully Sick 10/10
This game is amazing, it was way ahead of its time even now to the point of being superior to most current RPG’s. Even if you’re not a fan of vampires, this game truly something special. Do yourself a favor and buy this game now, and install all of its unofficial patches, this game is a classic.
this is awesome unbeatable
this is awesome unbeatable
this games awesome!!!
i got a lolipop 11/10
A very fun skill-based shooter, although in Competitve Modes if teamates are not communicating or working together it is very difficult to win.
just such a fun game to play if you dont have alot of time, the reward system is cool and makes you want to play more and more games to get new gear, its fun and fast paced and dosent require grinding to get the good items, also the graphics are awsome and the phisics add a nice feel to the game. :D
Great game, all re-done! Buy it
66.150.164.59:27015         dont goto this server, i  repeat do not goto this server
Possibly the worst game in history...But there are goats. So that fixes everything, even the bugs that really smash your poor mountain goat.
An online addictive and rather competitive game that requires a great amount of teamplay for victory.
It's a good game with an interesting concept behind it and will give you some laughs as well, for those who are still alive!
Personally the game is good but the cooldown sucks ♥♥♥ , the maker of the game had to be a little stupid to give the cooldowns, + i've handn't had a cooldown for 2 months and i got a 7 day cooldown its so anoyyinh please if u can stop this bullcrap
This is better than Sup Com 2 gameplay wise
This game might not seem like much at first but trust me, i have over 600 hours in this game (not proud) it is seriously the best game out there for $10. btw its not a rip off of minecraft, its accually really unique with its combat system and all the diiferent bosses you encounter through out the game. 10/10 for me
Lots of things to do in this game, never a dull moment!
It is really fun!!!
GG.thats all
This game is great. but i wouldnt play it if you want to spend at least 50 buck to at least past neptune though
I'll take back my words for it, after the hard beginning it bacame a fun game, all we need to do is invest a couple of days in the game and we are good to go. Definitely worth trying.
Good video, And to the people that think it is over dramatised it is not
A beautiful game with a soundtrack to remember
Tomb Raider is probably the best game I have ever played. It has the most amount of emotion and the graphics are phenomenol; I got stuck into the story so much, the combat is pretty amazing and I loved the parkour. Kinda disappointed that they abandoned the Multi-Player. Definitely would recommend this game.
This game is the best! Rust = Caveman Simulator 2014
i loved this theres heaps to do and its loads of fun
Why aren't you playing this game? It is the definition of great game, now live with it
Such a Great Medieval War Game, The Sound is so realistic (To the point when it seems like your in a real war) Very Bloody and Violent and The Graphics and Physics are just Perfect. I Would Recommend this Game to anybody who enjoys Bloody, Gory and Violent GamesEspecially Medieval! :D
great game!!! :D
Positives & Tips:Good game, make sure you use the correct bait. I prfer using petfood on catfish and hook #2, it's also healthy for the fish, also it doesn't hurt the fish, and make sure you don't use a chemically painted bobber or else you will contaminate your fish. Make sure you say fish in chat, community is helpful and nice. Give tips and people will rub yours. Nice game. 2 Good. Negative review: THIS GAME SUCKS BALLS AND YOU SHOULD NOT PLAY IT, FULL OF ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S, PEOPLE SAY ♥♥♥♥ YOU. ITS A ♥♥♥♥ING WAR ZONE AND THE FISH SMELL LIKE ♥♥♥♥ AND IT SHOULD DIE IN A HOLE...wait to fishes have genders...YEAH THEY DOI prefere using your own ♥♥♥♥ as bait...Say fish in chat and people will ♥♥♥♥ you up...Community is a whole bunch of rude little 5 year olds not getting a life and they should feel sad
Amazing...
Giving me carpal tunnel. 10/10
สนุกดีครับ
must have this game nice animation and breathtaking
Poly Bridge is definately a fun game, however there are a few small bugs.There are 2 main cons however -No map sharing/challenges from workshop -Very few levelsIdeal for school holidays but not for playing all the time
It would be a good game if anyone played it.
Trash. The games repetitive levels, lack of checkpoints and 'twitch' platforming combine to create system that punishes you severely for dying even once, and just gets worse and worse from there. An exercise in extreme tedium masked by the pretty aesthetics and retro vibe. I've never lost interest in a game faster.
.
This is an amazing game, it's even better than newer games from the franchise. Just can't get enough of this game. Totally reccomended.
Well worth playing. Would highly recommend it.
my ♥♥♥♥♥ hurts
This game after 1.2 had an unexpected change adding weapons, mobs and adventures beyond your imagination! want to build a steampunk floating city? you can. A Pirate fleet? yep. Atlantis? You bet!Terraria is an amazing game that never ceases to impress, but can get boring at times. 9/10
it is good, until you look at the gameplay, motion blur (which most gamers turn off) has no option to turn off and motion blurs a lot more then real life, and  also the modes have no explanation other then explore mode which describes itself
JUST PLAY IT!
It's a difficult game, but very fun and heavily focused in strategy. All in all, it's a beautiful gameand well designed.
Xcom: Enemy Unknown has undoubtly been one of the games I am glad I purchased!I have been able to create fond memories and riduculous strategies with my friends in online mode :D
play this game if you really like simulators. it has really good graphics and gameplay and it also has good campaign missions
This game is $0.29 and you get trading cards that you can sell for more than $0.29.
its super fun
A fun, addicting game
This is not for the faint of heart, and sometimes you get cheated, but when you get the perfect run and feel your skill and confidance build it is satisfying.
Lot's of fun. You'll never get bored
The chaos the glorious, glorious CHAOS
the game may be hard but i dont give a damits awesomeness outways its hardnessgo play and maybe ill see u online
I highly recommend this game becouse it's free fun
Better graphics than COD:Ghosts
Perfect game for Perfectionists.People expect you to get kills, MVP and clutch rounds.People and friends always comment on your screw-ups even if these screw-ups almost happen every match.People will kick, neglect, diss you if you are always at the bottom of the leaderboards.People will pressure, destroy your personality and will deny your existance.10/10 Bring me back to COD pls.
It's a realy fantastic game with a wide variety of content. not only that it looks good, but it plays good.But i do have to critisize it a bit so yeh. the controls are are bit too sensitive and the AI is a bit dumb.But over all for a free game its probobaly the best of it's kind out there
Great game lots of fun
kid sits down to write a review, realises he ain't gotta' say much, other than buy this game, that is.
it is good
One of the best games of all time
I am bread.
Great game for kids
You need this game. Delightfully silly, deviously odd, and dangerously addictive.
Hats are fun
After much delay for the PC release, this game has to be one of the best out of the GTA series without any major hiccups like previous GTA releases. Personally, single player mode need some TLC and I mean such cases as dlcs etc where GTA Online has to offer at the moment. Although GTA Online mode is enjoyable, it's only enjoyable if you're playing with a group of mates. If you play alone, be prepared to get randomly attacked out of the blue where you're up against players who are ranked 10x higher than you, which leaves the online environment unbalanced and not wanting to paticipate much. Other than that, great game and many things to do while free roaming.
Extremely fun game, the campaign is quite possibly the most fun I have ever hard. Would definitely recommend.
>Buy Hats> You're already a Pro
Best 2D game ever!!!!!
DotA is... a great game. First timers might have it rough with people telling you are a noob and such, but that thing goes on forever even though you're lvl 100+. The game is truly fun for people who knows how to play already because the gameplay is the filler of you either winning or losing.And it never ends! Once you get used to it, you'll play for days.. trust me. Very addicting   8/8 recommended it m8
Best jogo BR, selo maikão de aprovação, livre de roubos e assaltos...
I definitely asked for this.
i quite liked this game and was not at all suprized to see the massive quantity of good reviews this game has had. Valve could even possibly make a third portal game! good work Valve!
Awesome fun. Intense and rewarding getting your squaddies home in one peice.
More people should play this game. It is insanely addictive and will keep you coming back for years
Great game like the playstyle and all the different units but the AI can be a bit scruey some times all in all ill give it a 7.5/10
Amazing for stratergy players like myself, if you wanted to get started in the total war series, I would recommend the first one as its cheaper and easier to get your head around. Crappy launch, but brung it back with patches. 8.5/10
nice game
dont play it unless you have facebook cause it kinda sucks so i deleted it
If you ever felt like robbing a bank or wondered what its like to move drug for a druglord this is the game for you 8/10
Unos de mis juegos favoritos lo cual llevo jugandolo 3 años seguidos y nunca me canso de el, la verdad me sorprendio mucho el ¨TF2¨
Its amazing how most people who have Arma 2 have over 500+ hours in it. I think it is safe to say this game is something that will always stand above every game out there. The sole mod, DayZ, is the reason that hundreds of new survuival games such as ARK and DayZ Standalone(even though it is ♥♥♥♥) came out. Sadly DayZ died and most servers are dead except for the few heavily modded servers. The memorys we all share in this game are legendary and will stick with us forever. I don't think it is fair to rate this game anything, but rather place it in a catagory of it's own. I would put it under a glass box in the Hall of Fame for the Hall of Fame. SO yea, would reccomend...but not for DayZ because it is dead now.
A free to play MMO that strays from the usual combat mechanics of the endless amounts of weeaboo clones of WoW.
Wings of Vi? More like Wings of Cry, because that's what you will do playing this game.
very accurate towards real snow sports, open world with hardly any restrictions on mountains.
Heh, Cats.
Great game, only downside is their expensive ♥♥♥ dlc. :D
Great Game. Hours of Fun 10/10IGN
Melhor free to play da atualidade, so ta faltando uma coisa, a steam vender station cash.
awesome
Hey guys I got left 4 dead 2 and im out
Best zombie co-op game ever created (beside Left 4 Dead 1)
Best zombie co-op game ever created (beside Left 4 Dead 1)
My grandfather used to always smoke. He smoked his whole life. My dad said, "listen here boi, if u keep smoking u aint gunna see yo grandkids". He stopped, but 420 hours later he got cancer. I will never smoke because i dont want lung cancer, but i knda regret it because this game gave me ♥♥♥♥ing ballsack cancer anyways.
Really good shooter, however the lack of oceanic support makes the game nearly unplayable in the competitive modes forcing you to play the co-op mode giving you a half hearted experience.
awsome :)
My hours. help.I wrote something for real!These hours are legit, I played this game a lot in the past to avoid some tragic stuff in real life. I was young and didn't really have my gaming consoles anymore because of my brothers and I had a really bad pc, which i still own. TF2 was one of the games i could play pretty well on this pc but with horrid graphics, but it was one of the more fun games I installed. I met some real cool and nice people on this game as well as people who i plan to keep by my side. The community back then was more humble compared to nowadays. You have competitive gamers who spam their bind keys with unfunny/gross jokes and very obnoxious people who are either yelling at you or telling you to do specific things to win the game. When really, it doesn't even matter if you win or lose. However, you also have those people who are really awesome and you may meet some nice friends along the way! Although you never know what kinda person you're going to meet on this game. In my honest opinion, if you want to have a game to just waste time on (and money) or just mess around with people you know (which is what I do now), this is perfect. Esspecially the mann vs. machine co-op. I mainly play that now. Although to me, the game lost its touch, update wise, and I moved onto other games. I believe it's worth a shot to try it out but other than that, I'd keep it as a casual game. I don't think the competitive scene is worth getting into anymore because it's being flooded by crude people. Atleast from my experiance after over about 4+ years of playing it just got worse and worse. You will eventually be tied into drama even if you try to avoid it. You'll be more stressed than actually having fun, I'll tell you that!Although in all seriousness, this game is losing its touch and probably isn't worth making it your main game MAINLY because the updates they've been releasing are becoming very dull and not as great as they used to be. BUT, it's a great game to just play to pass the time and have fun! All you'll really notice nowdays is...people really love to trade more than actually play. Living off as a free to play would be very tough and you'd need to be patient with items you would want, unless you got that MONEY! Hope this helps.One last thing, I am not saying this game is bad in any way. I am saying that it's worth trying and playing with friends, or even meeting people! Although there are some downsides that you won't like, such as some stuff I pointed out above. Strictly towards the community. I personally think you should have this game as a side game rather than your come home to play sorta thing. Have it as a once in a while game, because it's nothing to be big about, unless you really do not like most of the millions of other games out there. Just give it a shot and see what you think! Have fun <3
Your typical Batman game.  Not as great as Arkham Asylum but still a good solid game.  Has replayability in the form of challenge modes, I wish like most games the hardest difficulty was unlocked when you get the game, rather then when you finish the game.
Awesome game!VR feels perfect for titles like this.The repositioning system is a bit clunky at the times, but the physics feels on point. One of the best games for the Vive at the moment.
YESHHHH YEEESHH YEEESH IT IS BLOODY GOOD YAH DIS ♥♥♥♥ IS DA BES GAME EVA LIKE OMG IT IS DA BES N DA DLC IS DA DOPE KILLIN THIN EVA ALSO, WHERE DA MLP UPDATE DOH?
This game is very similar to Terraria and Minecraft, Except that it costs $10.
Cancer
Arkham Knight in stealth tank boss fight: CowardDeathstroke in stealth tank boss fight: CowardFu*k Batmobile stealth seriously
XCOM: Enemy Unknown is, interesting enough, very much a harkening to the \'90s days of yore for tactical overhead games, with all the entertainment and frustration inherent. The game succeeds in creating a cinematic, movie-like epic feel of "Us vs. Them". However, the RNG basis for the game can be ridiculously stupid, and yes, at times unfair. Essentially, the game is made for save reloading, unless you\'re going to play through it multiple times with a literal plan - As in, mapped out how you\'re going to play - Simply for the \'hardcore\' mode and the game modifiers available.Polarizing as it is with some of its design choices, XCOM: Enemy Unknown creates an experience greater than the sum of its parts, for the most part. You\'ll either truly feel like you\'re fighting the great unknown, or like you\'re struggling to survive against the great unknown.
HL3 when? ;_;
Probably the best game to come from the PS1. Everyone should play it.
https://signup.leagueoflegends.com/en/signup/index  <--------- I do recommend this game
por ahora este es my juego preferido sobre zombies,enserio tengo una gran opsecion con los zombies lla sea una pelicula o lo que sea y espero que todos los que desean este juego,algun día lo optengan
Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2 is a great game!
por ahora este es my juego preferido sobre zombies,enserio tengo una gran opsecion con los zombies lla sea una pelicula o lo que sea y espero que todos los que desean este juego,algun día lo optengan
Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2 is a great game!
its awesome
This is a great racing simulator, there is many track mods out at the time of this post but still a very small car list. This would give you hours of fun if you have a racing wheel such as a G27.
Amazing
bought the game, now i want to buy the movie, its so god damn good and i absolutley love it, 10/10 better than avengers 2
Buggy and broken but alot of fun
สนุก
I'm going to start off by saying, yes, it is a good game however it has some issues.For one, for some people, you have to disable upnp which can affect stuff in your house and some people may not have the option to access their modem settings rendering the game completely unplayable thanks to a bug that has been in the game since launch. It also has random crashing, infinite loading screen and sometimes performance issues. The playerbase itself isn't the greatest, you get the teams that kill you because you are not doing something the way they want it or the people who tear down your barriers only to put up their own. Because of these issues I cannot recomend the game as it is uncertain if you will even be able to play it.
I CANT ♥♥♥♥ING LOAD IN
Awesome Game!!!!
Simple yet challenging and fun. For the money the gameplay is decent.
3 Word : Ruin My LIFE
Ever wanted to feel like a business man, rolling in dosh? TF2 does just that!More trading than slaves in Ancient Egypt 21/10 - Ign
you can kill gman 10/10
na boa quero meu dinheiro devolta Steam por que esse jogo nem funciona cara pqp mano nem consegui jogar... abro o jogo fica tela preta e fecha --'
It's a good game since i have played the arma 2 version, for a long time, but it just needs everything the arma version has other than that it's an awesome game.
Multiplayer is bascially a race to the Friendless Cannon 10/10 would nuke again
First of, the graphics may look great but really the gameplay just spoils everything. They throw you in the game with no toturials and expect you to be a expert on hunting. The game is 90% walking,5% rethinking about your desicion downloading this hell of a game and the other 5% hunting. This game should just be called walking in the wild everywhere simulator.
Really nice loading screen.
♥♥♥♥ing awesome 10/10 would buy again :D
This game so cool
While there might not be much going for me right now, this game is really going to suck up the precious hours of free time you have. This game is going to be very overwhelming when you start, even more so then when i started, but dont worry since theres an absolute amazing community that loves this game that will get you on track.
I can\'t recommended this game highly enough. Its minecraft, in space, with a story, on steroids. I’ve played for over 200 hours and I honestly expect to play for another 200 more. Its all the freedom you want in a sandbox game but enough structure and lore to make the universe feel really "alive". I’ve built little wooden huts on farming worlds and I\'ve built space stations in asteroid belts with zero G train to my own private moon lair. The possibilities for role playing in this game are really endless even outside a sci-fi setting so I\'m amazed its not one of the main tags for this game. If your an adventurer at heart ... Play.
odd but awesome
plays game for 10 minutes, hmm this is boring, hears chair move, wtf? exit pc, guy standing right there, panic, nearly break laptop... never play again 10/10
A very good turn base game but it does have a few problem like camera and animation probems other then that it's a good game 8/10
game consistantly crashes but still a good game
A great experience so far. It's funny, precise, imaginitive and extremely well realized.
The game is great. Story line makes sense, flows through out the game with side missions you can do too.Graphics are great. Overall decent game, it pretty good...except!IT is a load of Bull**** to run it through ubisoft, their client sucks! Constantly annoying with "we reccommend" or "Game pattern change", the best part, sign up and we send you junk..with more junk!Download far cry to steam to load up another game client to then lauch far cry back through steam! WTF!I buy games on steam to play through steam with no strings or third party launcher to \'verify\' i own the game.Really? you buy the game, download it launch to ubisoft own client to sign up, verify key, then run the game through steam...CUT OUT THE MIDDLE MAN! Removed the game and the ubisoft launcher. Its malware for all i care, added software i didn\'t intend for.[END RANT]*insert potato here*
needs more blood and gorebtw the people are complaining about microtransactions just dont buy the microtransactions god damn itฏ๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎ํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํỎ̷͖͈̞̩͎̻̫̫̜͉̠̫͕̭̭̫̫̹̗̹͈̼̠̖͍͚̥͈̮̼͕̠̤̯̻̥̬̗̼̳̤̳̬̪̹͚̞̼̠͕̼̠̦͚̫͔̯̹͉͉̘͎͕̼̣̝͙̱̟̹̩̟̳̦̭͉̮̖̭̣̣̞̙̗̜̺̭̻̥͚͙̝̦̲̱͉͖͉̰̦͎̫̣̼͎͍̠̮͓̹̹͉̤̰̗̙͕͇͔̱͕̭͈̳̗̭͔̘̖̺̮̜̠͖̘͓̳͕̟̠̱̫̤͓͔̘̰̲͙͍͇̙͎̣̼̗̖͙̯͉̠̟͈͍͕̪͓̝̩̦̖̹̼̠̘̮͚̟͉̺̜͍͓̯̳̱̻͕̣̳͉̻̭̭̱͍̪̩̭̺͕̺̼̥̪͖̦̟͎̻̰ ͬͤ ͬͬͤ ͦͬͬͤ ͬͦͬͬͤ ͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͤͬͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͦͬͬͤ ͦͬͬͤ ͬͬͤ ͬͤ ͤ Ỏ̷͖͈̞̩͎̻̫̫̜͉̠̫͕̭̭̫̫̹̗̹͈̼̠̖͍͚̥͈̮̼͕̠̤̯̻̥̬̗̼̳̤̳̬̪̹͚̞̼̠͕̼̠̦͚̫͔̯̹͉͉̘͎͕̼̣̝͙̱̟̹̩̟̳̦̭͉̮̖̭̣̣̞̙̗̜̺̭̻̥͚͙̝̦̲̱͉͖͉̰̦͎̫̣̼͎͍̠̮͓̹̹͉̤̰̗̙͕͇͔̱͕̭͈̳̗̭͔̘̖̺̮̜̠͖̘͓̳͕̟̠̱̫̤͓͔̘̰̲͙͍͇̙͎̣̼̗̖͙̯͉̠̟͈͍͕̪͓̝̩̦̖̹̼̠̘̮͚̟͉̺̜͍͓̯̳̱̻͕̣̳͉̻̭̭̱͍̪̩̭̺͕̺̼̥̪͖̦̟͎̻̰ด้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้้้้็็็็็ ฏ๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎ํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํỎ̷͖͈̞̩͎̻̫̫̜͉̠̫͕̭̭̫̫̹̗̹͈̼̠̖͍͚̥͈̮̼͕̠̤̯̻̥̬̗̼̳̤̳̬̪̹͚̞̼̠͕̼̠̦͚̫͔̯̹͉͉̘͎͕̼̣̝͙̱̟̹̩̟̳̦̭͉̮̖̭̣̣̞̙̗̜̺̭̻̥͚͙̝̦̲̱͉͖͉̰̦͎̫̣̼͎͍̠̮͓̹̹͉̤̰̗̙͕͇͔̱͕̭͈̳̗̭͔̘̖̺̮̜̠͖̘͓̳͕̟̠̱̫̤͓͔̘̰̲͙͍͇̙͎̣̼̗̖͙̯͉̠̟͈͍͕̪͓̝̩̦̖̹̼̠̘̮͚̟͉̺̜͍͓̯̳̱̻͕̣̳͉̻̭̭̱͍̪̩̭̺͕̺̼̥̪͖̦̟͎̻̰ ͬͤ ͬͬͤ ͦͬͬͤ ͬͦͬͬͤ ͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͤͬͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͦͬͬͤ ͦͬͬͤ ͬͬͤ ͬͤ ͤ Ỏ̷͖͈̞̩͎̻̫̫̜͉̠̫͕̭̭̫̫̹̗̹͈̼̠̖͍͚̥͈̮̼͕̠̤̯̻̥̬̗̼̳̤̳̬̪̹͚̞̼̠͕̼̠̦͚̫͔̯̹͉͉̘͎͕̼̣̝͙̱̟̹̩̟̳̦̭͉̮̖̭̣̣̞̙̗̜̺̭̻̥͚͙̝̦̲̱͉͖͉̰̦͎̫̣̼͎͍̠̮͓̹̹͉̤̰̗̙͕͇͔̱͕̭͈̳̗̭͔̘̖̺̮̜̠͖̘͓̳͕̟̠̱̫̤͓͔̘̰̲͙͍͇̙͎̣̼̗̖͙̯͉̠̟͈͍͕̪͓̝̩̦̖̹̼̠̘̮͚̟͉̺̜͍͓̯̳̱̻͕̣̳͉̻̭̭̱͍̪̩̭̺͕̺̼̥̪͖̦̟͎̻̰ด้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้้้้็็็็็ ฏ๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎๎ํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํํỎ̷͖͈̞̩͎̻̫̫̜͉̠̫͕̭̭̫̫̹̗̹͈̼̠̖͍͚̥͈̮̼͕̠̤̯̻̥̬̗̼̳̤̳̬̪̹͚̞̼̠͕̼̠̦͚̫͔̯̹͉͉̘͎͕̼̣̝͙̱̟̹̩̟̳̦̭͉̮̖̭̣̣̞̙̗̜̺̭̻̥͚͙̝̦̲̱͉͖͉̰̦͎̫̣̼͎͍̠̮͓̹̹͉̤̰̗̙͕͇͔̱͕̭͈̳̗̭͔̘̖̺̮̜̠͖̘͓̳͕̟̠̱̫̤͓͔̘̰̲͙͍͇̙͎̣̼̗̖͙̯͉̠̟͈͍͕̪͓̝̩̦̖̹̼̠̘̮͚̟͉̺̜͍͓̯̳̱̻͕̣̳͉̻̭̭̱͍̪̩̭̺͕̺̼̥̪͖̦̟͎̻̰ ͬͤ ͬͬͤ ͦͬͬͤ ͬͦͬͬͤ ͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͤͬͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͦͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͤͬͦͬͬͤ ͬͦͬͬͤ ͦͬͬͤ ͬͬͤ ͬͤ ͤ Ỏ̷͖͈̞̩͎̻̫̫̜͉̠̫͕̭̭̫̫̹̗̹͈̼̠̖͍͚̥͈̮̼͕̠̤̯̻̥̬̗̼̳̤̳̬̪̹͚̞̼̠͕̼̠̦͚̫͔̯̹͉͉̘͎͕̼̣̝͙̱̟̹̩̟̳̦̭͉̮̖̭̣̣̞̙̗̜̺̭̻̥͚͙̝̦̲̱͉͖͉̰̦͎̫̣̼͎͍̠̮͓̹̹͉̤̰̗̙͕͇͔̱͕̭͈̳̗̭͔̘̖̺̮̜̠͖̘͓̳͕̟̠̱̫̤͓͔̘̰̲͙͍͇̙͎̣̼̗̖͙̯͉̠̟͈͍͕̪͓̝̩̦̖̹̼̠̘̮͚̟͉̺̜͍͓̯̳̱̻͕̣̳͉̻̭̭̱͍̪̩̭̺͕̺̼̥̪͖̦̟͎̻̰ด้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้็็็็็้้้้้้้้็็็็็
Great game.
SAKIN OYNAMAYIN PARA VEREN KAZANIYOR 5 PARA ETMEZ
It's like the sadest hug you'll ever have from a videogame,you will engoy evey second of it and miss it when it's gone
I don't want to poop in anyones cornflakes... maybe this kind of game might have impressed people from antiquity but it ain't performing any miracles today. Also stop waking me up early on weekends.I rate this game 1  out of 10 door-knocking doom-saying mormons.
I will never look at games the same way again after beating this game for the first time.10/10
Best AI 2014
Became a Hispanic doctor who murdered people with a cricket bat underneath a train station22/10
If you liked the first one you will for sure fall in love with this game! It was fun and fast pased! Totally worth the money!
terrible weno el juego kl
Got to plant a seedling, water it along with the other seeds there already... I was able to re-name the snail that sits on the pot (and water it), I even got to SING to the snail!!! 10/10 plant and snail sanctuary simulator 2015-16
2014: Un FPS único en su clase que te hace sentir inmerso en un mundo espectacular donde los personajes te importan y su historia, alocada y graciosa, es fabulosa. No es un FPS genérico de un brazo con un arma, éste juego tiene caracter.2016: Siempre cuando me siento mal (especialmente tras ver el multiplayer de dark souls) único que tengo que hacer es ser medico en mi equipo de team fortress y disfrutar de la mejor cooperación. Team fortress 2 es un buen juego para aquell que no busca competencia descarada, sino una cooperación agradable y divertida. Quien no le gusta o no quiere jugar TF2, no sabe lo que es cooperar y cómo el buen jugar hace a un equipo fuerte vs un individuo OP solitario.
is good
If you can't be bothered reading, here is the game summed up:This is a fun game, excellent soundtrack. Its kinda short though.Thomas was alone is an excellent little indie game made by Mike Bithell. It tells of a block called Thomas that was alone, and then, well, he wasn't. There are a lot of levels that you can sink your teeth into, some hard, some easy, and some just plain annoying, but all enjoyable.Sadly, this game isn't co-op; You could have one person as one block and others as other blocks. Neither does it have trading cards, which is a little bad. But thats about it that is bad. Very, very small things.This game has an excellent layout, HUD, narration, colo(u)r scheme, lots of achievements that really make you look for them sometimes.Although it has all this stuff, it would be hard to complete it, and then restart and replay it without (at least) a 6 month gap to forget how to do all the levels, the storyline, etc. So, in other words, a little replayablity.8.5/10.
As opposed to the original client, there is no pop up or notification that your game is ready. Be prepared to be banned/labelled a deserter after alt tabbing in a 7 minute que.
game has a cooldown that can last forever....at least not 7 days...3 or 2 days is enough
Easily one of the most adicted games I have played
this games so sick it crashes when you try to play it despite it being made on  a sprite machine
Bem apesar de ter ganhado de um amigo o jogo aproposito vlw mesmo xweba porem em relação ao jogo ele é muito amaçante e repetitivo tanto que eu só joguei uns 10min, ojogo tambem está 30 reais achei um preço absurdo para um jogo desses, é sempre a mesma coisa vem uma orda de zumbi vc mata dai desbloqueia uma porta dai vc chega e tem outra orda o problema é que é uns 50 zumbi e eles demoram para aparecer.O jogo se chama "Dead Island" porem não tem nada a ver com o proprio ou seja os dois são jogos muito diferentes, mas tambem não podemos julgar pois o jogo está em beta ou seja precisamos ser pacientes.Uma dica que eu deixo para os desenvolvedores é o seguinte: poderia ser estilo um DayZ sem pvp (ou com vcs que sabem) e vc ou vai pegando recursos para construir armas e fazendo missões para poder ganhar XP e Dinheiro ou vc vai coletando as armas algo assim.Em relação aos controles bem...SÃO HORIVEIS serio eu mudo as armas com o C ??? isso é inaceitavel qual é o problema com o scroll do mouse, tambem a camera é uma coisa não muito boa seria melhor sem duvidas se fosse em 3ª Pessoa ou em 1ª até porque controlar o ataque com o mouse e se movimentar com o teclado ficou horrivl nesse jogo.Bem como eu disse o jogo tá em beta então tenhamos paciencia POR ENQUANTO esse jogo tem nota 2,3 pois a ideia é mais ou menos as musicas deveriam ser mais empolgantes, as armas não tem muitas e são estranhas, o sistema de dinheiro tambem é horrivel e seria legal ter uma campanha ou uma historia haaa tem MAIS uma coisa EU PAGUEI 30 REAIS NO JOGO E DAI QUERO COMPRAR UMA ARMA MAS NUM TENHO DINHEIRO NO CASO O PREMIUM EU VOU TERQUE GASTAR MAIS UM DINHEIRO NESSE JOGO?? POR FAVOR ARRUMEM ISSO PORQUE EU ACHO QUE NÃO SERIA JUSTO COM QUEM PAGOU O JOGO.NOTA FINAL: 2,3
it is fun
Honestly stupid
GOODGAME
Completely free ARPG that does a lot of stuff right.This is what Diablo 3 should have been.
isah goot one
ill play tis til i die
Great game, love the combat mechanics added with the learning curve of different combo's and the skill involved in dodging their attack. The only complaint is the servers it runs on, whenever i play it puts me on servers that run with 200+ ping so its impossible to time the combos or dodge their attacks. A real let down to an otherwise amazing game!
This game is really awsome its my favourite when i bought this and gmod but this game should be rated the best with skins you can get from guns and unboxing Knives:D:D
Great game. Soo much better then the original. DLCS rock. 10/10 and a game everyone needs to get.
Finished July 2014
Beat Hazard Ultra FTW.10/10 for a music based game, HOWEVER; this game doesnt really work with a mouse and keyboard. it would probably be fine with a joystick and it works great with controller, but its basically unplayable with a mouse in comparison to how it should be.i have played many hours of this on PS3, if u like listening to music this is an awesome game for you. crank your music in game easily and shoot space ships and bosses like the old arcade machines.
CSS4LIEF
Its A very fun shooter with friends. but if not with friends. A tad bit too hard. but anyways 10/10!!! :)
This is a very good game and i recommend it. I also recommend buying all the dlc and future dlc.
"I realy enjoy this game its a small RPG game that it gives you a place where you can explore. I recondmend playing this and tf2 for newcomers to steam
it is a good game made by one person and a super quick downloader i reccomend it for anyone newbies or "Veterans"
nice game, good for people who like Plat-forming
I highly reccomend this game because who doens't like Duke Nukem!!!!!
There are a lot of Minecraft clones out there... And even though this game is 2D compared to 3D, and insanely differnt, it is thought as such by many people. However, this game is so much more. There are 13 bosses here, while Minecraft has only 3. There is a 50/50 chance that a world will spawn with either the Corruption or Crimson, changing the boss from a Worm with 50 parts to kill, to a Brain with 20-30 flying eyes which act as body guards that you need to kill before you can even damage their master! All the NPC's have their own look, story, conditions for spawning and items to sell you! One of which tells you what things you can make with the material you give him! Iv'e spent over 259 hours on this and all of which have been spent well. In my opinion, this game is amazing! You should buy it.
There are a lot of Minecraft clones out there... And even though this game is 2D compared to 3D, and insanely differnt, it is thought as such by many people. However, this game is so much more. There are 13 bosses here, while Minecraft has only 3. There is a 50/50 chance that a world will spawn with either the Corruption or Crimson, changing the boss from a Worm with 50 parts to kill, to a Brain with 20-30 flying eyes which act as body guards that you need to kill before you can even damage their master! All the NPC's have their own look, story, conditions for spawning and items to sell you! One of which tells you what things you can make with the material you give him! Iv'e spent over 259 hours on this and all of which have been spent well. In my opinion, this game is amazing! You should buy it.
This game ruined my life and my wallet and i still dont have nice skins :(
SHARDS! SHARDS! SHARDS!
This is A BEAST game if you want to play with me
awesome
Silly fun with Varied modes of multiplayer all based of what players can code
I played this game after being recommended it by a friend. I found it absolutely amazing! The way the highways match up to the song is brilliant.
If you enjoy bugs and a company who pumps out DLC and no fixes... this game is for you!
If you are looking for a free fun to play horror game then you have found it.This Game has some of the best horror atmospheres that i have seen since the first amnesia game. Although in this game you are introduced to the monster quite early on. This game is also based on the creepy pasta character slender, if you didn\'t already figure that out, but this game changes it up so that he is not always behind you zipping around, but i won\'t spoil the actual mechanics because they are quite fun to play around with.Unfortunately this game does not handle well on weaker pc\'s so some people will not be able to see the marvel of the graphics, which in my opinion is some of the best i have ever seen in any horror game, second only to their original slender game- "Haunt: the Real Slender game". Also this is a free game, yesFREE GAME!Although it is still in its alpha/beta form so it may not be on final release so I suggest you get it while you can. Also you are only able to play the first episode: "Haunt", but episode 2: "Welcome Home", to my understanding,, will be available for purchase (sort of like the walking dead game, where you pay for each episode) in the near future.So I am looking forward to buying all the parts but i have yet to finish the first episode because i keep dying from slender man or the various glitches in the game (keep in mind it is still in alpha/beta) such as falling thought the world.I recommend you try out this game whilst it is free to see if you like it, but in my opinion it has a great atmosphere that i think not many recent horror games have been able to achieve for quite some time and i really enjoy playing it.
digital hats cost more than real hats and my house
Best class baed shooter out there.
Get it for the virtual keyboard. This is currently the best alternative untill Valve or Microsoft decide to make their own for the desktop.
Really good game on it's own but when you add the Misery Mod to it you get a awesome but very challanging experience.
Brings back child hood memories and nostaliga!! :)
Civilization gone fantasy, love it!
This is one of the best games I have EVER PLAYED! Try it. it never gets boring!
Quite simply one of the best first person horror adventure games I have ever played ( but i am a fan of the alien). The tension and game play make for an awsome experience, totally enjoyable game and scary.
The new update killed the good old fast Robocraft. Also the biggest problem is when you tip over and fall and can't get back up which is annoying as ♥♥♥♥.
Rate it highly, 10/10
Recommend. Just to support the developer and his dedication to updating the game and imroving the game, all for free!
Well... Only played 23 minutes of this according to steam buuuut that is probaly all I am going to play of this game. I joined a match, killed a few people with an M1 Garand Rifle. I started to get into it with the battlefield effect this game has, after the match was over I leveled up and it gave me IN GAME CURRENCY. Now I do trade on Team Fortress 2 but thats different. I can trade that for real money and besides I only spend money on that when I want keys for unboxing. But I dont want to spend money so I can get some really good sniper rifle or machine gun. And I certanly don\'t want to go against the people who "Pay 2 Win" I wouldnt call it that but it is the best term in this situation. This game does have alot of potential if they turned it into a Battlefield style of unlocking things, like getting 10 kills with the M1 Garand unlocks you a scope, or getting 100 or so kills with a Tompson Machine Gun gets you a new machine gun PPSH-41 or the BAR? Just some suggestions for the game there. And one last thing REMOVE IN GAME CURRENCY. k bye
:neckbeard: feel like this rn
Great game defintely somthing i havent really seen done before , do wish it was a bit longer though
This game is good fun. It is like most survival games where it is better to play with friends. I lke the rp aspect of game, sure the game still needs work but that is what alpha is. The devs are doing a great job so far.  10/10 IGN
This game is a unique indie game. You are to get it now. You will lose many hours playing it, then you will stop playing it one day after these hours are lost.
great game had soo much fun playing it!!!!
One of the best games that costs nothing, is addicting and is STILL in early access. 9/10 would recommend, and this game can only get better.
Where do I start,I\'m a total wimp when it comes to horror games, but i\'ve been leaning towards some good ones on the xbox. One day I was watching youtube when I get a text from a friend saying "FIVE NIGHTS AT FREDDY\'S 4 IS SOOOO SCARY YOU MUST PLAY IT!" And I thought to myself that there\'s no way that this is as scary as silent hill right. I am the biggest idiot on the internet. I honestly thought that Scott was going to screw it up with FNAF 4 after not doing such an amazing job on FNAF 3, but by far this is the scariest game i\'ve played in a long time. The animatronics are beyond terrifying and I like how Scott has added all this extra detail on freedy and all them that makes them truely scary. I have barely played the game and only on night 2 because i\'m that freaked out, I got jumpscared on night 1 by bonnie at 2 am, how embarassing.Also, the new gameplay mechanics are superb. In the first three games, you are a adult security guard who at least has the slightest bit of smarts and the most ineffecive security system in all of video game security systems. I never got why the doors in FNAF 1 required power to stay down, couldn\'t gravity do that job, then I guess it wouldn\'t be a challenge. But enough of my rambling, FNAF 4 completely strips you off all sense of self security and makes the player a small boy in his bedroom with nothing but a torch, and i\'ve got to say that Scott really captured that feeling of all alone with monsters surrounding you and all you can do is suck your thumb and wait for Bonnie or Chica to kill you.However there was one downside, The game does it\'s job too well. I get so scared in the atomsphere and the feel of the dark bedroom that if I hear even the slightest noise I immediately shut the game down because i\'m actually afraid. Maybe I should stop playing the game at night with the lights off and my headphones on.Still, absolutely fantastic game. You\'ve created a masterpiece and a legacy Scott and for that you deserve all the praise the series gets. I would put this up top with some of my favourite games. This game is like a shining diamond in what I call `the bleak industry of expensive games that don\'t live up\' I\'m looking at you COD Ghosts. I also find it really odd that most indie game developers can make better games than what a million dollar games company can\'t do with their endless pockets of gold encrusted rubies.Absolute must play for any fan of horror games.OVER 9000/10
Castle Crashers is a very fun game for singleplayer gamers and also multiplayer gamers. In the multiplayer games, most of the game is co-op but some parts are not. The graphics are nice and cartoonish. i think that the keyboard controls could be better, because we spent a long time in the controls page and randomly pressing the keys because only 1 person had a controller. Overall this is a very good game.
This is one of the best games I have ever played in my whole life! Try this before you play league of legends. Although this game has a steep learning curve, you will eventually get the hang of it, and before you know it; you'll be pwning noobs.
Cancer
amazing game so fun like minecraft lego and COD had a amazeing baby
I love it DO YOU!!!!!!
The shooting mechanics may not be the best, and the way the game tells you what to feel instead of just letting it happen naturally can be completely and totally ignored thanks to the wonderful atmosphere (at times) and the damn good story.
It looks like a cheap copy of minecraft but its way more awesome than u think. looks horrible but is epic.
no
frikin' amazing
This game has is Fantastic its not like your average FPS it defaintly has lots of explosions and fire gunshots differnt classes.The spy is the best but the hardest. I most recemmond this game.
Great Game!, excellent skins, good game mechanic,Gaben taking my money, just perfect!, Everyone whould have this game, and i'm looking at you tf2 players
best game
Broke a leg by falling through a wall. 10/10
Sex seems pretty boring!! :(
GOOD
Game is Highly Addictive! Its alot of fun......at first it may seem alittle plain and dull but give it a few more minutes and you wont want to stop playing.........Another really good thing is that you dont have to sit and play to be playing nessessarily too you can let it keep going while you do other things for example i have alittle one who needs feeds/nappy changes so theres no having to pause the game or exit to go about your buisness, you go and simply come back and in the meantime you have earned a Alot of money!!!Very good game for anyone with an older computer/laptop, plays really good as my laptop is about 6 years old and in no way designed to play any games, and this game plays perfectly! so im really happy and lucky to be able to play anything on my laptop.
This game is pay to win. You need to pay for a computer and internet to win.
Great game! Literally Awesome. I normally never write reviews but this game... top ♥♥♥♥
epico estoy en el puesto #22 online XD
Good game good for online not much for single but still good when you don't have internet.
Different yey fun
Buen juego
just like LSD, nothing better to describe it.
ไอหมากากเกรียนเกมกระดอก
Its not very good mistly coz it doesnt load
Is good game. Many items for laughing. Get hat, do taunt, even eat sandvich. Nothing better yes?
Very cool game, even if it is a bit similar to the orginal Company of Heroes, it's still very fun.
Galcon 2 Is plenty of fun when you send massive swarms towards enemies even when you don\'t this game is still one of the  Best Basic RTS games here. Even I can tell its fun from my short game time. The soundtrack is good, the community are great and the fun to find is greater. 10000/10 for me.Fun hint! go into the "mods" tab on the menu. You\'ll find even more fun there!
this is one of the best games on steam well you can costimise your cllases or get achivments or even meet new friends lets say you have an item you dont whant anymore you could trade the item or just put it on the steam market so you could get some steam credit.
It's pretty fun
Well so if you are reading this comment, I guess you already aware of different negative and postive comments. Myself I would recommend this game but strongly warning that the community is toxic (e.g. 12 years old). However it often comes in standard gamemode such as vanilla or normal room, I'm pretty sure most of people there don't feel pleasant with slow action since they have to repeat the same maps again and again. While some other gamemode provide much higher challange but you can be sure that the community is way better there, however they are all tough gamemode for newbie.Pos experience:+ Different gamemode lead to different challange+ Amazing unexpected bug+ Time killingNeg experience:+ Acid community+ Unfair player skill level, some skills are way advantage on a gamemodeSo what I would recommend is the good experience only come through in a certain of time playing, and it will be much difficult to the one who not yet know.
I highly recommned this, its especially great if you have several mouses lying about because then you can have an awesome time playing with a freind, but it is also riddiculously hard.
This is a nice game :)
Very fun game. There is too many things to do once you find them.
Very fun game. There is too many things to do once you find them.
LOVE IT, In my opinion better than the Wlaking Dead series but thats just me. It has defining moments, great graphics and decisions that will make you think strongly on your actions. It is also the type of game you want to replay until you get to play all of the choices.  10/10
Very great game suggest you get it, it has potentual
Wikid combo of cars and soccer mixed in with mad flips and crazy aerials. At 5mins a game super fun  and easy for the laid back casual and the hardcore gamers alike. Huge customizational options for you from what car you use to paint, decals, hats and antennas. A must have, hundereds of hours of fun await.
Great game, and I know you'll enjoy some of the fast-speed content.
DOTO DOTO BEST DOTO
Gameplay is great, filled with sometimes difficult but entertaining enemies. Definitely play with your friends. Great for Role-Players.
78 minutos de mi vida al pedojuego de ♥♥♥♥♥♥.
não sei
Bootylicious
The best around
m8
Yes, Fibbage is fun, also there are more 3 seaworlds there is one on the gold coast Australia
Indie JRPG game, relatively short but offered a good storyline across the three games. As long as you dont look at walkthroughs and guides it should be an enjoyable experience.
Gameplay - OKGraphics - OKSounds - OKGore - OKControl - OKBut I couldn't really recommend this game due to its bugginess and glitches. It kinda ruins your playthrough. This gem really needs to be polished more in here for good classic Custom FPS game.PS: I already tried the complete mod as well and other advices but it still doesn't seems working. I kinda had an issue everytime I trade with npcs. Still is there any advice for this issue. Any advice would be much appreciated.
I killed a guy with a baby  10/10
Pretty much GTA in Hong Kong, complete with 2 white people and 1 Black guy, everyone else is Chinese?
Blew myself up when using dyanmite for the first time. 10/10
0/10 like kindergarden with guns
0/10 like kindergarden with guns
Space Ninja Parkour Third Person Shooter. Didn't expect that now did ya? This game is awesome, the developers care about the community. I have clocked over 450 hours in this game and I have loved every single one. Except this game has two downsides, grinding and repetition. But this is negated with the content the developers release every month.Grinding.This game requires investment, you'll most likely spend most of your hours grinding a boss for a certain warframe or a Void mission for those sweet prime parts. Either way you will kill yourself if you go too long without a break in-between.Repetition.After about 40 - 100 hours, you'll find yourself bored with the game. Login, Choose a void/derelict/normal mission, Rush through instakilling every enemy you see with your maxed out DPS/Crit build of your Boltor Prime or Soma. I've had to take a month break at some of these points and let the game pass me so I can jump back in and grab up the goodies without the rush. Mind you, I have played this game for over a year now.Overall, this game is extremely fun. You can do so many Parkour moves that adds to a space ninja shooter. At the time of writing this the patch version is 14.5.2 and with gamescom over last week. They teased Update 15: Archwing. And some of us, just ♥♥♥♥♥♥ our pants...
This game is great especially when it is only $20. It has a addictive storyline and the things you can do in this game is great.I recommend this game to any gamer.
Amazing. Just, amazing
i like it 9/10
Greatest open world game ive ever played
Great game, 10/10Sad ending though :(
I've been a fan of space simulators for ages, but Kerbal Space Program is definitely one of the best I've used! It is easy enough to use that someone with no experience can pick it up and play, but also involved enough that those veterans who want to go more in-dpeth will also get a lot out of it! Plenty of mods avaiable to suit you play style, but even stock, this game is a really good effort! Can't wait to see how the finished product will look!
hiit is cool
play this?
HOLA ,EL JUEGO LA VERDAD ES BUENO PERO DECEPCIONANTE, NO ESTA TRDUCIDO AL ESPAÑOL Y ESO HACE QUE SEA ABUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUURRRRRRRRRRIIIIIIDDDDDDDDDDDDOOOOOOOOOOOO MUY ABURRIDO ,POR FAVOR USTEDES ESTAN EN NORTE AMERICA PERO TAMBIEN EXISTE SUD AMERICA Y ESPAÑA  EN UNA PALABRA DE ESDTAN PERDIENDO MILLONES DE DOLARES POR NO ESTAR TRADUCIDO ,CUANTO PUEDEN GASTAR 500MIL DOLARES ,NO SE ,FIJENSE AMERICA ES MUY GRANDE
pros;funmonkeycons;pay2wingarbage
I have recieved a skeleTON of feels playing this game
Great Game so far. Strong fan service; would play again. 40/42.
This game is set in a dark time with fairy tale civilians. It tells the story of the 'big bad wolf' solving a case that involves murder. It is a thrilling experience to play this game because of how the plot twists, unexpected suspects etc. This game is full of surprises and I as a fan, always wait eagerly for the next episode. 9/10 excellent game.
:/
Shoot things, kill things, all in cartoon form!
It's Strategic fun and of medium difficulty, also a nice short and quick game.
 i played deathmatch and got insta killed  3 times 10/10
its a fun game to play but you will die a alot
Amazing game, nice sandbox and fun just mucking around - would do it all day 9.5/10
This is a wonderful game, you should get it when the sales are on!
Great game.
Its better then you think
Pros: Great Music, Intriguing history quotes, Epic intros :D, Vast gamplay variety, Addictive gamplay, Challenging to Noobish gameplay difficulties, Incredible single player.Cons: Insanely long normal game, Lack of popular multiplayer, Long progress systems, Hard to find and complex world editor.Score: 87.98%Reviewed during 2013 Holiday Sale
Abit too random for my liking. Learning the game (key to roguelikes, is much harder because of this.)
Best game for willys /10
Well.. this game is better than doing nothing, atleast.
♥♥♥♥ing dragons. Need I say more? Also ENB Mods because ♥♥♥♥ consoles.
Incredibly fun game. Airship combat featuring 2v2, 3v3 and 4v4 team based gamemodes of Deathmatch and King of The Hill. Frequented by community ambassadors who will teach people anything they need to know, this game is easy to learn but hard to master. Always being updated with new content and bug fixes, and the devs are very active within the player base as well. There are ALWAYS people playing this, so it doesn't matter where you live, you can always find a game to jump into. Most people have microphones too, so don't be afraid to engage in some crew banter to make everyone's jobs easier.If you love being involved in quality teamwork where every person makes a difference, consider picking this game up and playing with your close friends or make some new friends to regularly experience the joy of blowing someone else's ship up. Join a clan or fly solo, make a name for yourself, and become the most feared airman of the skies!
This dlc is by far the best I have seen in any game, it brang so much more potential and I honestly think it was great. New music (Which I LOVE) A few new bosses, new items which are amazingly useful, and the best of all, GREED MODE! I love doing runs on greed mode these days, I've tried doing it with every character but alas was not successful. I rate this dlc 9/10. I would definitely recommend buying it. It is worth the money.
It's great game, but at first it takes quite a bit of grinding to unlock every skill for shark and every weapon for diver. That can be quite off putting for new players since they can end up going against those who have already unlocked everything and make it hard to get up. It is also fun when you get a few mates with yah and get competitive against each other. All in all its a great game. Worth getting in my opinion.
Posibly the most fun game for free! Just needs some better online features
team fortress 2
good fun 
Really, the most fun you can have online !!!
Approved
i have no idea.
This is a great game, just doing one of its THREE game modes i burnt over 300 hours!
This game is a perfect game for tryhards. Since it involves alot of thinking, your friendly neighbourhood tryhard will look up on the interweb "Ultimate tic tac toe strategy". I haven\'t done it you have no proof. Unfortunatly the game mechanics are too random for your average win strat.We got fading mechanics which are way too realistic for this world, like why do they fade at the most convienient time.Okay so to wrap it all up. Its like tic tac toe meets another game of tic tac toe so that makes 2 sets of tic tac toethen you times it by 4 and plus 1 and there you have it. Your 4 times table.Oh yeah the game, It\'s actually pretty good but it just breaks my brain
i have played the first game and i enjoyed it alot and so i think this one will be fun and i recommened
bought the game, downloaded the game in 3 hours, installed it. I go to play the game and its bugged and would black screen immediately. 5 hours of troubleshooting and choosing the repair option (which did nothing but waste time), at 2 in the morning i finally get this game going by adding some strings in the UserSettings.txt file which was originally missing when i installed. Game starts, nice cut-scene, first level doesnt load and im kicked for inactivity. Terribly done. Will never buy from zenimax again but i will keep trying to play the game and if i dont manage to, i will refund and buy a working game.
This game made me turn my life around. Before this I was addicted to huffing paint thinner, it consumed my life and i consumed it. My wife left me and took my two daughters Samantha and Keith but when i found this game i stopped huffing paint thinners and moved on to heroin because this game is the worst peice of ♥♥♥♥ ever created0/10 - "Game Of The Year" IGN
No micro-transanctions they said. No money laundering they said.They were wrongOverkill/10
Let\'s see... Now, where do i start? Well, i wanted Garry\'s Mod since 2012 because i though that it looked fun. Well, guess what? It isn\'t. I mean, there are a few awesome stuff in Gmod, but they just die too quickly. It usually won\'t start saying that no steam user was found. Overall, it\'s a terrible game. I\'m sure you\'re wondering why the hell am i recommending this "game" if i hate it. Well, when i say that Gmod is a terrible game, i meant that Gmod is terrible for playing games. Let me guess... Are you confused right now? Don\'t know what i\'m talking about? This is what i\'m trying to say:Gmod\'s sandbox is kind of dull and boring. It\'s just like Half-Life 2 with sv_cheats 1. Trouble in terrorist town (TTT) isn\'t really my thing. Cinema? One word: Mac. DarkRP? LOADING IS LOVE, LOADING IS LIFE. So, i\'ve said many terrible things. What\'s the good part? Well, the only good part here is the sandbox. Not the killing-combines-and-striders-with-a-freaking-vuvuzela sandbox, but the creative sandbox. You can build almost everything in the sandbox. If you\'re not the engineering kind of guy, you can pose characters and create a story for the picture.Not enough? Then make a video with Gmod! You don\'t need any fancy-dancy stuff like Frappucinos (fraps) or Sonic Vegeta Noob (Sony Vegas Pro)! Just use Quicktime player and Imovie! (unless you have windows. Then i\'m afraid you\'re screwed.) Gmod is not a time killing "game". Heck, i won\'t even call this a game! It\'s more of like a tool. A tool made to train your imagination. A tool to become a kid again. (Even if the game is gory) And so far, no other application has been able to pull this off.Except for paint. That application catches your application so damn well.
Best WW2 game ever not like COD Waw lot of weapons and ♥♥♥♥ but Tripwire you better has faster update
Esse jogo e melhor que the hunter nao é pay to win ehuhueheuuheuhe
The best free game,♥♥♥♥ CoD and other shooters,this is a game! very funny and ver good,medics are goods....and...hats :33 play,plat now! :33
what a game! Whilst being free to download and play, Team Fortress 2 is a fully fleshed out shooter; and with the community being able to create more content for the game, it's  options conimually expand.Well worth the download and your time.
Great game so much fun
starts game:rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrWIN
syk game
TF2 is a truly addicting FPS game starring nine classes, The Scout, Soldier, Pyro, Demoman, Heavy, Medic, Sniper and Spy. After playing you will start to notice players with different weapons and cosmetics. Soon after I had at leat a few hours in the game I decided to buy new weapons and hats... FROM THE MANN CO STORE. I went around showing off my australium gold mann co cap for a while until I realised it wasn't really a good hat, (And I Discovered The Market.) I then got addicted to buying hats and weapons. Once I got to 1,000 hours on the game I started spending more money and playing pubs and competitive. I started doing better in games and bought unusuals australiums and expensive skins. I've spent at least $400 in this game. GG Gaben, GG.
Great game!!
10 minutes of slow nothingness happening before finding a singular threat which I could just walk past.Another 10 minutes of slow nothingness and I gave up.
Good game iff u like wastland or life servers=)
One of the best games out atm. Mostly because of the epic mod that is dayz. Without it i wouldnt have played and enjoyed it quite as much. Although it still is quite buggy. 9/10
Ultimate Doom is one of my childhood and one of my favourite game i play when i was young. You have to get this game its a good game to play.
*VERY EARLY REVIEW*To have a brand like SOny back you, delay the release 3 days, things should be workign that just are not. I do love the game and I'm having fun 3 hours in but the stuttering, horrible looking objects renderign in, not being able to bind lots of keys and a few other things just should not be there for a full release, near on full price game. In its current state it should be a $20, early access game. Now that would get people keen for a full release with all the promised features added instead of the negiative revies the brought on themselves.
great game and by far favourite free to play game with fun fast paced combat
i rq
Great game. disgusting buisness practices, esoecially after starbreeze studios came in.
ไม่ค่อยได้ของ
Hats , flamethrowers and conga
Higurashi no naku koro ni - onikakushi used to have a file size of 666mb, now it's only 438mbPersonally I am quite saddenedI call bull. I can no longer summon the devil with this game
I fell down a hole then i got blown up by mummys 10/10
Its like Sid Meier's Pirates 2 in that the graphics are improved and the gameplay is refined. there are also some assassins creed black flag elements to the game these are the two heaviest influences I can see. Hope you enjoy!
This game is amazingly addictive, and even though I've only finished about 3 games ever, I've played many more.Very good game.
This game is amazingly addictive, and even though I've only finished about 3 games ever, I've played many more.Very good game.
Really good game
Rivals of Aether is a fun remake of Super Smash Bros. I just like spamming one button
okay so lookat all the reviews,everyone says this is a great game.BUT after i got the game i found out all you do is hit the enmy yep thats all you do!This game is the most boring game i have ever played.the only thing i do with this game is look at the monsters and draw them!
guns
You pay a small fee to access 100s of games in one.Garry's Mod offers a diverse experience...Want to Roleplay? Garry's ModWant to play Deathmatch? Garry's ModWant to live in Soviet Russia? Garry's ModWant to be inanimate objects? Garry's ModWant a mix of deathmatch, sneaky acts, detective work? Garry's ModWant to play horror games? Garry's ModWant to build structures? Garry’s ModThere’s more to discover with Garry’s Mod.
This game is just amazing. content + space + ninjas + kickass weapons + zombies + aliens + robots = a ♥♥♥♥ing brilliant game = WARFRAME
Play TF2, endles hour of fun!
This game is GROOVY!
I cant swim. 10/10 -Rage Brone [RB]
Too much ♥♥♥
When Team Fortress 2 become serious, this game happens.
This is a game not made for popularity, but was made to touch your heart. This game has left me in tears, confusion and realisation that friendship is everything. This game places your decisions at the greatest limits and places you in a role where you must choose the right thing, but there will always be an action, for every reaction...
All I've done in the 21+ hours I've played has ♥♥♥♥ around. This game is so relaxing and fun. Awesome gameplay with a creative engine makes this one of the best games I've played in the last year. And TBH, I usually stay away from open-world sandbox games, but recently they have been very rewarding. If its on sale, buy it. If its not on sale, make sure you still buy it.
This game is exetremely fun! And it's only in Alpha, even though i haven't played it for long i think it somehow one of the best games on my steam list, Although I have hardly played it, AND it doesn't have many features at all it is still good, I'd recommend this to anyone who enjoys shooters and things of that genre. (That means you CoD players)
Chat is disabled for 4 seconds!Bruh
10/10 would crash again
90% of people today cannot pass the first level of the original Mario game withough dying at least once, if you are of the 10% of people who can, this game is for you. There is quite a massive learning curve to this game, but once you realise how your muscles work it all comes together! You punch with your pecs and you bend with your abs... :DEDIT: ♥♥♥♥'s intense!
Why did I lose? - an accurate representation via percentagesLava eventually overuns my millions of walls - 10%Goblins and Spiders kill everything - 10%A pocket of water very quickly destroys my base because I was on fast forward - 20%My own f#cking Dwarves destroy walls and let water loose right next to my base - 110%10/10 would get killed by my own dwarves again
Great game, original idea, case opening, $400 skins.
It is a game dshdjfjdgghjfg
Arm races isnt races with your arms WHAAAAA/7.8
ABOUT TIME! The microtransaction is now been removed. Finally.....I can finally rest for this.......No more drills and nothing.... Finally...I can rest. *start sleeping* Huh? I feel like forgetting something very important.
Best multiplayer game out there (that is 1st person) Lov it can never get rid of it
this game is amazing gmeplay and storywise
warframe é irado e ainda por cima é um jogo de ps4 :D
warframe é irado e ainda por cima é um jogo de ps4 :D
False advertising.Crashes.Lies.Boring after the first system.Not worth the $60. Not worth my time.
Aim down sight simulator xddd
Really great game, Awesome now that it has custom skins, made the game have an economy to it self. The game is really worth the $15 USD. If you are a fan of 1.6 or Source I have a big thought in my mind that you will enjoi Counter Strike : Global Offensive.
This game is so fun and really good game for a free to play.Download it and you will be amazed with how awsome it is.Get it OR Lose at gaming life.
 7/10 EDIT: As of the most recent update, there is no loading/setup bugs and the interface has improved significantly. Now has more Australian ping-friendly servers, uses up a lot less CPU.TL;DR: Great visuals, very individual, bit buggy, ♥♥♥♥ community, very unique, WORTH PLAYING!Been playing this game for a while now and I have high hopes for the full-version. The loading times and setup however is pretty ♥♥♥♥-poor. I've spent 16 hours in-game, most of which are probably spent joining servers and loading up the game. The graphics/animations were nice. Original textures and decal, detailed landscapes and maps. Animations are mostly consistent. It has a unique fighting engine, having an anatomical damage-system instead of the normal health based system, like the Overflow indie engine. The physics are a bit off, seeing a lot of bugs and glitches here and there but that's okay for a game still in it's beta stage. Controls were fairly simple, hard to pickup but very satisfying when I got the hand of it. The community at times can be painful to put up with, witnessed first hand on many accounts people taking over servers and changing the game-modes (Free-duels to FFA). Full of obnoxious kids ignoring game rules, leaves me exiting the game frustrated every time. I only bother with higher level servers, although I don't fit that criteria, is the only games that have players who give two ♥♥♥♥♥ about the quality of gameplay. I'm sure there will be a more in depth story-line to come in the future, but for now it's not fair to hold the game against it.
So far I have only played 36 hours of starbound and I would certainly recommend this game.Pros:-Has quite a lot of features considering it is an early access game ( that might be because it is nearly out of early access)-(some people might think I am talking rubbish here) Has very little bugs-Has a very detailed character creation giving you the ability to customise your character to your likes-Music is also very nice-The interface is very easy to used to and after a while feels natural-(to expand on reason 1) you can upgrade your: Ship, Mater Manipulator (basically starter mining tool that can mine everything but slowly)- Every race a little back story to it- You can get special abilitiesCons:- Some quests are a bit ridiculous e.g. for one quest I travelled at least 3 solar systems trying to find a floran villageTo sum it up I think it is a pretty polished up game and it has a lot of content and will sell well.
Melhor FPS! Porém tem noob xiter
...........
ok, I love flight sims, but I love them more when they have easily accessible instructions and settings menus.  This sim is possibly the most user unfriendly sim I have ever played.  The Graphics are lovely (as seen speeding skew off a runway and into the buildings!), but I can't recommend it to anyone who is new to sims (or anyone who expects to be able to adjust the sim either in menu- or in game).  I guess its back to the 128 page manual.  Bummer, I am sure It will get easier... at some point.
Dead Island whilst promising an interesting game experience unfortunately fails in many areas. A clumsy game movement interface showing a poor console port, jumping his hit or miss, sometimes really far, sometimes short.Enemies that level up with you making levelling up somewhat futile including weapons as you are your enemies are basically keeping pace, I have never come across this before and find it a truly strange idea. Poor visual and game mechanic sync, where certain enemies like thugs reach far more than appearances would indicate and if the visual matched the game mechanic their arms would be dragging along the ground a couple of feet behind them.The idea of extremely weak weapon that wear out at a ridiculous rate and require constant repairs is also pretty annoying, an accepted idea taken way to far.Overall the game comes off as having a rather juvenile sense of humour, making the game more annoying than fun, more of a frustrating struggle than a challenge. A game that you could take years to finish, as you just stop playing rather than putting up with the annoyances and then come back to it months later to continue from the last save before again putting it away prior to finishing it.It's a shame Steam don't offer game refund credits, so you can spend unload games like this and spend it on alternate titles, this game is definitely of money back quality.
Scarest Game in YEARS!!!
What ever people say about this game, do NOT buy it.-Made by a sketchy developer and a sketchy company......................./´¯/) ....................,/¯../ .................../..../ ............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸ ........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\\ ........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...') .........\\.................'...../ ..........''...\\.......... _.·´ ............\\..............( ..............\\.............\\...
turned andre into a sex slave. 10/10
Holy ♥♥♥♥.Everything about this game, is truly beautiful. This, is a work of art. This sets the bar for video games, and proves that this will be huge. Even down to optimization, on my system, not a single problem, as aposed to other recent high end titles. This, is amazing. Well done. *claps, wipes tear*
this game is fun but u sort of need a good PC plus the its out of date so it might be a bit laggy on high/ultra but no lagg on ps/xbox
10/10. Would blue screen again.
Melhor F2P que ja joguei.
Absolute Recommendations
This game is soul-crushingly hard. I love it.
I highly recommend cs go. It is generally a fun game and its very enjoyable. Hope i can play with you :)
Stupidly addicting, great fun
Nothing
gr8
Great for multiplayer.
Tried playing with an Xbox 360 controller. Start the game. get half a dozen free pay-to-play drops for some reason. That can\'t be good. Go to the tutorial. No controller button mapped for run. Right-o. I\'ll switch to keyboard. Time to shoot. "Hold D to shoot". Hold D. Nothing happens. Try again. Same thing. Try tapping D. Nothing. "Hold D to shoot". Naah. Press Esc. "Hold D to shoot". Alt-F4 that ♥♥♥♥.
This is how EVERY SINGLE QUEST in this game plays out...Talk to "so and so", find a location and shoot everything that is there.ORTalk to "so and so", find a location, shoot everything that is there and then loot "insert object".The game almost never deviates from these two gameplay aspects. There is practically zero choice in how you decide to approch quests, other than choosing which gun you use to kill things with. It literally doesn\'t matter what you choose to say during dialogue choices either. All "choices" will lead to the NPC saying the same bloody thing - no matter if you\'re rude, polite or sarcastic.I cannot recomend this game out of good conscience to anyone who thinks they\'ll be playing an RPG. It\'s a first person shooter, through and through. 
amazing game considering its in alpha still, making good progress despite what everyone has been saying. Game has changed so much since it was first released and is one of my favourite games to play. Gonna be a great game once its finished
420/69 NGI BEST YEAR THE OF GAME 2069
.......Words cannot express how.......amazing this game, story, adventure and lifestory really is.Great storylineGreat soundtrackGreat gameplayI would highly recommend this to anyone who wants to be whisked away on an story adventure of a lifetime!Thanks for making a great game Freebird Games! Cheers!
Starbound is such a great game, at first it was hard for me to settle in to but now i think its totaly worth the money. 9.5/10
A cross between real time strategy, flight simulator and survival horror.It was much like my first sexual experience, quick and confusing, but I was ready to go again straight away.10/10
A perfect addictive game to play before GTA V :)
Pingaz!
Play with friends and this will take MANY hours out of your life.Valve. Thank you.
BAD RATSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!
This game is just a blast, even though its gory and other stuff, the taunts and the cartoony graphics just make it look less mature
It's alright.
Great game, very casual and relaxing. Welcoming to new players and not punishing at all. Possibly too easy but overall a lot of fun.
Best story I've experienced in along time. 10/10
Jodidamente hermoso (~>_>)~
Muitoooooo Legallllllllllllllllllllll
Yeah.It's alright.
Story line had me on the edge of my seat, rather enjoyed the mechanics of the game. Love the steampunk style of the game. Sad that i lost the dragon form, but it is insanely overpowered. Can't really think of any downsides yet. Still need to go through the Onslaught mode and the hard diff of the story, but otherwise, a hell of a good game. A 10/10 for me
Microtransaction simulator seems to be going pretty swell for overkill. i had to change my review to negative because overkill has their heads shoved SO far up their ♥♥♥ that they think they arent actively ruining the game.
Recomendo
Amazing game would want a number 3
bad game DONT BUY
It's L4D. There's a modding communtiy. WHAT MORE DO YOU NEED?!
i died ign 8/8 gr8 m8 i r8 my gr8 my fate8 8/8 git gud skrub
Great game while still a work in progress it shows alot of potential towards being one of the top games being made as of recent
Think of one reason to not like this game.
This is by far one of the greatest fallout dlcs ever made. The map is larger than life, the entire nuka cola amuesment park feel is amazing, and every area of the park has fun surprises. Might I add, the theme song is addicting https://youtu.be/pnmbtXJGUr4?list=PLQ6MBTcTkCBDpSd29VicZlji-Cf1CLLj-http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=756716331http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=756716697http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=756716556http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=756716520Spoiler : are fav Nuka Cola lady from fallout 3 returns!
This is one of my favourite games, combines humor and killing fluffy animals.
This game is kool
Really enjoying this title, as a late adopter to CS:GO I'm enjoying every moment, its fast paced and rewarding, my only hang up is the hackers. even in comp mode you will find them, sucessfully aced a team 2 times in 3 rounds - 2 players on enemy team decide to toggle on in a competitive match turning the score card on its head and taking the game.  apart from that top shelf stuff.
DAAAAAAAAAMN THIS GAME IS CREEPING ME OUT TOO MUCH WEEPERS AND THE MUSIC IS SO UNCOMFORTABLE only people with brave hearts can play this ;_;
I LOVE THIS GAME IVE BEEN PLAYING THIS GAME FOR 2 YEARS
awesome :)
Ignore everything you see and hear while playing this game, because your senses will lie to you countless times. I believe Polygon nailed it when they labelled it a "Mobius Trip".A brilliant game full of simple, yet complex tricks and puzzles that challenge you at every corner while instilling upon you a deep and meaningful rhetoric.I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoyed the puzzles present in the Portal games.
If you do not have this game of PC, you have not yet lived.
feking ♥♥♥♥ lads
good game
SO AWESOME
Getting stabbed in the chest by spiders has never been so much fun.
I have played over 1500 hrs of this on my 360 and many more on pc.But there's one thing you have to consider before purchasing though...Patrick Stewart doesn't play the emperor. 0/10
I played this game so much and its really fun for those who like to build and kill things
It's real good.  I think that Valve make the best games. A+++. 10/10.
giff me life back
Its been a been a short while since release and its good to see the devs are infact fixing the problems. The game easily deserved the negative reviews at launch due to the shocking amount of bugs, but update to the 1.03 Beta and 90% of the problems are solved. As a game, and as a singleplayer mount and blade game it is good. Better than native (which is to be expected). This dlc is set 200 years after Brytenwalda (The dev team's last creation) which is an amazing mod if you like it's realism and skill required. Before you buy this, you must first look at Brytenwalda and then take into consideration the differences below. In a realistic historical standpoint, these 200 years brought little to no innovation and changes to weapons or tactics. The main difference in history are the Political views, the forming of Modern Europe and how nations 'started' to stopped fighting their ownkind and actually now worry about invaders from other lands.Worse than Brytenwalda:.Stability,.Diplomacy/Fief control,.Generally more options in Brytenwalda,.More secret places in Brtyenwalda/hidden quests,.Very little variety in arms and armour between factions and in general. Faction upgrade trees are almost identical aswell,.Missing weapons & armour that should be in the dlc that were in the Mod (2H axes, more bows, armour...).Sieges are far more simple, practically native. In Brytenwalda you would have to build a sewerage system, surround the fort, and had heaps of features on how you could starve the enemy and entice a peaceful surrender..Almost no unique troops compared to Brytenwalda. Brytenwalda had spies that could infiltrate places and cause problems. It also had Mercenary captains that would lead men for you in a seperate party..Overall less 'features'..Multiplayer is basically dead because of a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ release. Better than brytenwalda:.Naval combat and buying ships is far improved. More variety and you can even order a custom ship, with custom wood, custom sails..This ties in with naval features, but as the map is expanded with overseas territories such as Denmark and Norway, the naval features become far more important. You can actually survive off fighting and raiding ships and monasteries..Religion is far more important, in Brytenwalda is just gave a slight penalty with other factions (often not enough to even annoy them). In VC it gives a much larger penalty, and certain religions will really restrict how you can make money, overall much more expanded and more important options that i have forgotten..Much more living and breathing atmostphere, when you visit a village the people are doing things like archery practice, eating and farming, not just walking aimlessly into fences..Story is actually pretty good. I thought it would be really short, but its really large and expanded. If you dont cheat and look at how the story progresses you will...  be surprised at how many options/choices sort of trick you into thinking they really make a difference. They do, but you will still end in either of the two endings, you just might take a different path.  Another potential spoiler   It really takes some time & MONEY!! to get moving throught the game and I couldnt join any factions as a vassal making it extremely hard to make money as a trying to be 'good' christian. If you were a careless Pagan, you could easily just raid, pillage and loot monasteries to make heaps of coin. There are a million other aspects to the game that I cant think of right now. If you need help making a decision, just ask.I bought it because mount and blade was amazingly good value for me. I have played it for a long time, and they deserve my money. Overall I was surprised with the Dlc, just dissapointed with stability until I updated to the 1.03 Beta. If you dont have any money, and want a challenging and advanced 'Vikingish' game, just download Brtyenwalda Repolished. (Just not the steam workshop version)
BEst Multi FPS Online of all time!!!!You can play this game FOREVER!!
this is a good game its cool.funny and you can buy items like tf2
eh
This is one the simplest yet most addicting game ever. Skill cap is high. Graphics are fun. Consecp is shoot to kill don't get shot. Very fun passtime as well for just casual. I find it helps to improve your aim in shooters in general as well.Highly reccomend.
second best free FPS I have ever played 10/10
Get drunk and rob people.You are going to fail, but will laugh your ♥♥♥ off doing so! Better then real life.
Awesome
Very fun but slow at the start...which is about 1 or 2 hours of just trying to get stuf. Also ,in my experience, the game always tryes to kill you or at least screw with you.So its mainly a game where you can only have fun if you are playing with another person that you can trust throught the entire game, otherwise you WILL always die with about 0-1 blueprint actully being learnt.i.e.pro's: fun open world multiplayerlots of serversstable (for a alpha)allows easily to roleplaycon's:you will die withought someone's help i.e. fourced multiplaynot to easy to start playing withought pre-knowledge of how to play the game (requires you to do a tutorial thats not in game)'sneaking' dosen't work the best...but at least it sort of workscan easily get spawnkilledat night, if you have no flashlight or anything to do, you get bordservers arnt stable (but the game itself is [for a alpha]) so its not easy to battle even on 100 pingBut remember; this is a ALPHA so those type of con's are expected!
REally fun with friends and waky designs, making this a very fun game!
awesome first person shooter and this scard my pet spider.
"Ok let\'s play the easiest level"*level starts*"*mashing left and right arrows* ♥♥♥♥♥hit♥♥♥♥♥hit♥♥♥♥♥hit"
Amazing fun for all ages, great mechanics, awesome items and enemys and at moments gut-wrenchingly funny.Would recommend this to anyone.
So far, I've sunk 2 hours into this game and I love it. The business model, while somewhat constricting, does not require you to spend money, and you can have just as much fun without it. The player quests are a great idea, and if you get one which is broken, you can ask for a new one. The graphics are somewhat confusing, but if you made it through the tutorial you SHOULD get the hang of it fairly easily. The game's sense of humour is great, and so is the rest of it. It's kinda like if Minecraft were a dungeon crawler, with a few extra features on the side.
Everytiem I walk into store/bank irl, I now ceas the jiont.11/10
simple yet complex and it also ahs perma death so dont go too hard
Iggy should buy this
10/10 Would allah another outpost
Please put Australian Servers in CS 1.6 (espeacially cod mod would be nice).
A+ 100% worth 10/10 would recommend.
its fun yo
This game is such a masterpiece that every time I poop, a colourful rainbow shoots out. I then puke out inspiration and my whole life flashes before my eyes from the joy overload like a bright star gimmering in the distant night.
It's gud...
Got ran over....10/10
cool
A free to play done right
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
One of the best MMoRPG Games in the world.
10/10 Very good game, it made me forget to eat 3 meals and forget to feed my dying turtle :( 
I really enjoy this game. While surviving you have to be mindful of yourself and your team mates (if you're a team player). Being a survivor with a killer as Wraith becomes a spine chilling, idontwannamoveanywhere experience as the eerie bell is rung. Killers can be op compared to survivors which makes escaping more than a run in the park- Overall a great game IMO despite small flaws as lobby joining, dcers and matchmaking. Overall 8/10 would die again
This is very good game. :)
Dog ♥♥♥♥ game dont buy! lucky brought cheap online.
Two words! Don't Starve
Fun, addicting, and frustrating game.
oh my god
very fun
It is really fun and is a great tactical first peron shooter
Can take 8 shots from a Glock without dying. 8/8
love
Great game and all, but it is possibly the worst game to play at the start, it provides next to no help with starting out and if you don't know someone who already plays this game you might as well just quit because it is the most unfriendly new-user game in the history of steam.
Enjoy playing it like the idea of skins for the weapons!
Moonlord OP but beatable. Thank god 11/10
best game out
SO much fun to play with a friend, endless amounts of fun and things to do, defos recommend it!
Its Good You Should Buy It If yOU lIKE sHOOTING GAMES IN FISRT PERSON
Very very VERY fun game. Well worth your money. A must have for zombie game fans.
Join the UT3 skinned mount and blade style deathmatch
You can even play as an INDIAN!!! I call him utkarsh! He even comes with extra bombs!
Before I played:＼＼ ＿\u3000\u3000 ＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) \u3000\u3000\u3000 <\u3000⌒ヽ \u3000\u3000\u3000/ \u3000 へ＼ \u3000\u3000 /\u3000\u3000/\u3000＼＼ \u3000\u3000 ﾚ\u3000ノ\u3000\u3000 ヽ_つ \u3000\u3000/\u3000/ \u3000 /\u3000/| \u3000(\u3000(ヽ \u3000|\u3000|、＼\u3000| 丿 ＼ ⌒)\u3000| |\u3000\u3000) /`ノ )\u3000\u3000LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ \u3000\u3000\u3000\u3000\u3000\u3000 \u3000ム｀ヽ / ノ) \u3000）\u3000ヽ / ｜\u3000\u3000( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ /\u3000ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく\u3000 ＼\u3000／ 丶＿ ノ ｡\u3000\u3000 ノ､\u3000｡|/ \u3000\u3000 `ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ \u3000\u3000\u3000 丶 ￣ _人'彡)
Jesus ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ing Christ.I don't have a long enough time to review this, but ♥♥♥♥ manIt's really hard and really scary. If you have arachnophobia, for your own sake, don't buy this game.Also THAT ♥♥♥♥ING GHOST ARGH
a
This game is AMAZING it isn't the most stable game but the amount of content is worth it and it's still on in beta. The weapons and effects are beautiful and there is no real need for the mircotransactions, they can be completely ignored.
Despite the many negatives such as graphics, gameplay, game bots and the database, taking all these negatives into a free play game is good to spend time, from time to time.Interface: 7,5 / 10Graphics: 6,5 / 10Gameplay: 6 / 10It's not a bad game.
yes yes awsome
The game is fun if you know how to move as well as aim but not fun when each time you play it has to update...But other then all of that it's REALLY fun.
Don't start a game after lunch if you plan on sleeping that day. Five stars.
Incredible game & concept. Stunning environment. Time-consuming if you want to get far. Salty community.
Good for a Nudge or 2
░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░ ░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░ ░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░ ░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░ ░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░ ░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░ ░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░ ░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░ ░░░▀▀░▄ EA░░▄░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
Best R.T.S in the world and I know that because when the first AoE came out i started to play all of games since the first one EVER!!!ADD ME AS A FIREND
Best game for competetive gameplay. 10/10 would awp mid again.
Cant really play it because of the new roboshield update, it always shows op like this "Missing EasyAntiCheat Launcher .dlls"
This game is amazing, well worth the money.I haved played this game through twice now and have very much enjoyed both play throughs.i will deffinitly be playing more of this game as it is so good.well worth the $$$
Reasonably fun game, but it drags on a bit in the middle and probably the end.
just one thing. LAGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
Pfft, everyone is waiting for jesus, i am wating for Satan.
Spec Ops: The Line is one of those games that everyone should play. The cover-based combat is smooth and better than any other cover system I have ever seen in the game. But the combat isn\'t what\'s good about this game. Technically, the combat is what\'s bad about this game and what\'s bad, is what makes it so good. I won\'t go into too much detail, but the choices in this game, they are hard. No the sort of, "Do I want bacon or ham on my sandwich?" kind of hard, the, "Do I use this weapon to clear my path through the enemies even though I know what this stuff does and I know that it kills you by eating away at your skin and there may be hundreds of innocent civilians nearby caught in the cross fire?" kind of hard. This game is morally taxing. It questions everything you believe in, it questions everything you\'ve learnt in other games. There is no easy way in Spec Ops. It\'s either bad or worse, but you don\'t know which is which until it\'s too late. This game will break you and leaving yourself just sitting there, staring blankly at the screen, crying and yelling at yourself, "Why did it have to happen like this?!". Spec Ops: The Line. Is it a brilliant game? Absolutely. Is it one of my favourite games? Without a doubt. Is it a fun game? No way in hell.
bloody interesting game this one personally think that running around rather than boxing one's self in is the way to go
Very good combat system, something nothing else is really offering to poeple. There pay to play people and items but those items can also be earned permenantly through hard work whilst paying for them is a limited time offer, of normally 30 day's. I recommend this game to people that are looking for a very nice feel, game that can spend time to appreciate it and doesn't get caught up on the little negatives that all games have.:)
As the title suggests.
"I really like the game, but I couldn’t find the stupid cake." 
Blood FTW
I highly recommend this game for people who dont have pants , because you probally gonna P1ss'em .This game is not recommended for people who heave heart atacks .
great game with dem older graphics. still punches above its weight for an older game to have member playing today still
kawaii
This is a great free to play game which is not a pay to win game, the gameplay is fun and the community is awesome10/10
"Do you feel like a hero yet". That is the question you ask yourself even after the game is finished.This game tells an adult story that I have wanted for a while now, where it is not afraid of the media with some of its moments. I want more stories like this, that make you feel like an idiot for making the wrong choice.My score is 9.5/10
I highly advise getting this game, the story is extreamly intense, one of the best of recent times - Give it a try
ta bueno
This game is so ♥♥♥♥ing fun. You get to run around shooting psychos, the humour is great, and theres so much variety. There are 4 characters to choose from just in the base game without the DLC, and all give a fun playtime. There are plenty of missions, and will keep you busy and intrigued for hours. I personally like zero the most.Very fun.
It's competitive and fun to play with friends :D
fun game to play
Quite possibly the most indepth survival MMO to date. the game has been out for less than a month and most of the major issues have been fixed or almost fixed.. myself as a aussie player was concerned for the "LAG" of US based relam but its very playerble. the loot can be daunting to find but i think its a good thing.. i dont really want a full inventory in less than an hour.. you really have to work for it.. the Pay2Win element people complain about is all ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.. if your stupid enough to by airdrop and deploy them you will either die by the zombie hoards that spawn with them or players that rush to the area.. its much the same as "rust airdrops" 9/10 =)
What a fantastic game, length about right for a linear FPS (5 hours). Great story telling elements and fun gunplay mechanics. Has replay value with Arcade mode as well. If this had co-op......
Really enjoyed the rewind feature of the game, thoroughly enjoyed rewinding and replaying the kiss sequence between chloe and max which got my ♥♥♥♥ hard.
One of the best mods of the HL2 history.My dream was to play HL2 in cooperative and.. BAAM.This mod came up with HL2 on cooperative :)
Amazing game
Holy ♥♥♥♥! A game with cubes!But seriously, this game is really awesome. Its like your average tower defense game...BUT THE ENEMY CAN KILL YOUR TOWERS! This game can be hard at times because of those stupid grenade enemies...but its fun for anyone who wants to play a tower defense game with a twist.
Fantastic game. Great balance between the old condition zero and source (engine)
Best game ever! Play it now its free :3
why you should buy this game:1. Its very very addictive.2. You can make any kind of game you want from an action zombie game to a simulation game about farms (god help us).3. Its very easy to understand: make games.4. Massive re-playability.5. Its cheap.6. Cuz i say you buy it.7. I rate 9/10
This game is fun. I like it a lot. I have bought it on Steam and I play it.
Best game ever
Its a great game out of all my games this would prob be my 3rd/5th favourite game to play worth the $20
This is a great free to play multiplayer fps game.
LOL U WOT M8
get this game not only for the brilliant single player and the EPIC multiplayer mod!!!!
Watch the Netherlands and Carthage war over some oranges. Build the Pyramids and tick off Caesar because he was totally about to build that. Witness Ghandi raining nuclear fire down on the world in the name of peace.10/10, best world domination simulator.
I now have hepities A,B,C,D,E and Q. 10/hepatites.I wrote a poem about it.Oh, hepatites, you suck, I need medical attention, srsly plz help.
EL MEJOR JUEGO DE TODO EL PLANETA SATURNO, ALTAMENTE RECOMENDADO, PARA TODAS LAS EDADES11/10: "too much water"
แทบไม่ได้แตะเควสเลยครัช มีอะไรให้ทำเยอะแยะไปหมด
I have played CounterStrike since 2001 and I love the fact that the game hasn't changed too much from the originals. I have played CS:GO for a fair while now (1600+ hours) and I don't see myself stopping any time soon.
Get this game now. Stop looking at reviews and get it.
i thing gmod is an awesome creativity game i think its a game that inspires people to build discover and create so i would rate it 9 and a half out of ten
Ark is a awesome game to play with friends, for being in it's Beta/Alpha stages it is a good catch. There are also bad things in ARK which I think should be changed or deleted.First off the good things. What I like about ARK is it's open sandbox. You can go around exploring the island that you have been stranded in and discover new things. Another I like about ARK is the gameplay. Taming dinosaurs, raiding, hunting, the number of things go on. It gives a big viarity of things to do, especially the big range of dinosaurs you can tame which more are being added by the minute. Another thing I like is the constant updates. The developers seems to update the game a lot and add new content such as new dinosaurs and weapons and much more. Now the things I don't like. First off raiding, it seems to be too easy for people who have grenades to destroy and raid bases in an instant. Even the dinosaurs inside can't stop them. I think they should give defenders the upper hand in the battle for a base, because no one likes to rebuild their base every day. One thing I think they should work on is a bit of optimization on a game. Most people can't run ARK at all, and quite a bit of people run the game but have bad FPS. I don't see anything else bad about this game. Just the two optimizations and raiding. I really do recommend getting this game to help out the develpovers make this game ever better then it is right now. And hey! Make a review like I've done so they know what they need to work on/add. 
У этой игры есть как плюсы так и минусы, но минусов все же больше.Начнём с того что это все же игра, и главное тут геймплей, а не остальное, а тут он настолько примитивен и однообразен что становится банально скучно, я привык видеть в такого типа играх хоррор кровь, расчленялку, а тут даже когда стреляешь в голову андроиду с большого револьвера то в лучшем случае пойдёт тонкая струя молока, а в худшем пуля пройдёт сквозь текстуру его головы без урона будто стрелял холостым патроном.Можно понять что это за игра с этих слов - Игра на один раз.Как раз из-за геймплея, и из-за того например что здесь есть прокачка игрушек, а люди привыкли к прокачке оружия, или вот у вас ужасная система прицеливания в игре? Дайте патронов тогда! Но и тут найн тебе.Так вот стоит ли платить как за дорогой лицензионный диск с фильмом при походе в кинотеатр? Учитывая ещё то что на этот фильм не будет желания сходить ещё раз. Это все конечно решать вам, но ради бога не покупайте сезон пасс сразу, сначала пройдите игру как я и сделал.Почему эта игра испытание для нервов? Ну это потому что её можно описать так - катакомбы с чужим и однообразными андроидами которые знают лишь пару фраз. Да да игру решили удлинить за счёт ужасной карты, тёмных коридоров, и что самое страшное тупиков в виде спрятанной кнопки, или трубы, из-за чего я бегал взад вперёд по 20 раз вплоть до часа, а жизнь то короткая штука что бы таким заниматься.Что касается чужого то его нельзя убить, но можно полюбить, как спросите вы?Ну сначала ты его боишься, но после 20 спаривания с ним, или с ней ты уже привыкаешь к новой партнёрше с которой постоянно целуешься обнимаешься, короче чужая мне уже как супруга которая просто ходит по дому что бы позвать на десерт, особенно настырная она была в больничке, казалось что она контролирует сразу и шахты и коридоры и шкафчики.Сюжет слабый увы, точнее нечего даже и не придумали все по кусочку с фильмов взяли, и этих сюжетных моментов в игре моя чужая наслюнявила так что кабзец.На низком уровне сложности чужая моя в душе глупая блондинка, но все так же опасна, а на высоком уровне ну вообщем лучше не бздеть а то учует найдёт, и наругает :)Самый тяжёлый вопрос в этом обзоре для меня это поставить палец вверх или вниз.1.Скажем хорошая графика палец вверх.2.Хорошая звуковая атмосфера палец вверх.3.Хорошая оптимизация палец вверх.4.Красивая чужая палец вверх.Теперь о другой стороне медали.1. Однотипный неинтересный геймплей без каких либо прокачек оружия, и возможности перепрохождений игры для дальнейшей прокачки и развития геймплея в будущем, из-за всего этого игра автоматом становится на один раз.Все это явно палец вниз.2.Слабый главный герой игры, и тут дело даже не в том что он слабый на фоне её мамочки, тут он просто слабый по всем параметрам, + эмоций мало в схватках. Это палец вниз.3. Игру сделали так что бы вы умирали в поисках чего-то что не доступно ясно как найти из-за ужасной карты, и отсутствия подсказок, или же просто тупо спрячут кнопку или проход в трубу что бы вы подольше поиграли.Это жирный палец вниз.4.Игра очень неинтересная из-за слабой атмосферы нахождения в космосе, дед спейс подсказал, из-за голимой боевой системы, банального до немогу сюжета который никак с новой стороны не откроется, а половину игры вы вообще будете бегать за аптечкой для барби которая потом итак скукарекается, это не простительно столько нудятины в сюжете. Ещё неинтересной игру делает постоянный секс с чужой которую саму все никак не получается удовлетворить, как только появляется огонь она сразу спрыгивает :(Все это делает игру банально неинтересной к прохождению.И Это палец вниз.5. Игра дорого стоит учитывая что она на один, пускай для ярых фанатов за*дротов на два раза.Но для нормального геймера пройти раз игру в год это значит что игра все же одноразовая, как я уже писал как в кино сходить, а кино должно быть доступным особенно если сюжет хромает...Итого пальцев вниз больше значит поставлю палец вниз, но не из-за злобы за что-то, хотя была и злоба на разработчиков во время игры, но ставлю скорее для того что бы разработчики по возможности читали, и делали игры ещё хорошими как игры, а не только как повесть, или симулятор надувного Кена для Чужой.
ของผมมันบอกว่า "Server is not reachable " ครับ มันบอกให้เช็ตเน็ตเเต่เน็ตก็ติดอยู่ ใครเป็นบ้างครับ
This game is great. At first it just seems alright. Then I see how badly my city layout is. A few restarts later and I am meticulously planning my highways, putting enough on and off ramps, waiting for money to construct more housing. Lose track of caring about the game, and totally absorbed in making my city run smoothly.Traffic isn\'t simulated! If there is a busy interesction, you see it is busy because of the cars and trucks! People have jobs and travel to work. Garbage trucks actually have to pick up rubbish. Fire trucks go to fires. If the roads are too busy they can\'t get there quickly though! People die and get buried, children go to school, young people go to university. Pollution and garbage are things you have to deal with.Hell if someone complains on the in-game twitter (called "chirper") you can bulldoze their house if you want.
it's beyond any other multiplayer zombie game
good game
really nice work on the remaster
I played 150+ hours, Still havent reached another planet. 10/10
I played 150+ hours, Still havent reached another planet. 10/10
get this game its epic and free
loved this game so much just to bad i live in australia and have to deal with bits being censored
best game
make tf2 great again
Amazing game!Soundtrack is cool to listen to.Dialogue throughout the table is excellent.TF2 items are worth getting too!Only problem is, I'm absolutely terrible at poker...That and Tycho 'ticks' me off every time. (Hin, hin... get it? Enthusiast's Timepiece. Tick. Nudge, nudge.)
SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO MUCH FUN!
is gud lol
Jetpack onto a rock and shoot dinos for the first 3 waves. Get a tank on wave 4. Win.10/10
great game
gg
Its a great game to play, although its not very fun when you have 11 heavies against you while you're a scout.
10/10 cant start the game
Very nice scary monsters and the like
Made my family mad because I didnt interact with them for about 3 days.
Made Me ♥♥♥♥ My ♥♥♥♥♥11/10
Probably the best game on Steam.. This game is absoulutly brilliant I reccomend this to all Steam users, Just try this game its fantastic I love it!
Extremely well made horror game would recommend for anyone looking for a scare or just a well made horror game
> Joined a server> Everyone shouting and saying "Allahu Akbar!"> Defending team top scorer  named "Al Baghdadi"> While the attacking team top scorer named "U.S Navy Seals"> *Defending team wins*> Everyone shouted all together "Allahu Akbar!"> It was the greatest moment of my life."9/11" - ISIS might use this for recruiting crackheads
10/10 would ninja stealth skills
it keeps lagging fix please
Awesome arcade action, Has the feel of Ghost & Goblins mixed with some Rastan and Golden axe to boot.  Would recommmend to anyone who enjoyed those classic arcade games. Controls are amazing has great replay value, one of my favourite games of the summer.
Everyone get it, get it now!
Really good for slapstick humour...OR JUST PLAIN WRONG THINGS!Seargent Whoopass:)
สนุกมาครับเกมนี้ เนื้อเรื่องก็พอใช้ได้นะคะแนนก็พอได้ รวมๆแล้วเกมนี้ใช้ได้เลย ส่วนตัวผมว่าเกมนี้สนุกมากแต่ก้อดสงสัยไม่ได้ว่าเจ้แกซวยขนาดนี้นเลยหรอ
Quikscope with snipars.added microtransactions
THIS IS THE BEST GAME IN EXISTANCE
I don't think I have played enough.butSome of the heroes a potato with half a chromosome could play Riki Drow Sniper TrollGonna go to lol
My mate brought this for me. Needless to say this was the best gift I have ever received. Like other teenage guys, 5 minutes is all I need to have the time of my life. I never knew what the ♥♥♥♥ was going on but after school what does that matter. I highly recommend getting this game for mate and it is gaurenteed to get you laid! 10/10.
Best game ive played in a long time.
must have game amazing
Shoot the dudes
its amazing the game play is balence and its the best shooter ive ever seen even better cod its cartoonish and has personality that no other shooter i give it 10/10 its perfict
Massive rip off of unturned which is super ♥♥♥♥. Not even worth being payed to play.
This is an amazing new adition to the series i cant wait for more
it is good
The Castle stage is god damn hard as hellTime to pray for our new overlord. 10/10 would replay from the beginning
I was surrounded by fat russians in beanies who force fed me sandwiches and then forced me to laugh by punching me. I like this game10/10
Awesome game!
My friend had akimbo pistols as his primary and a pistol as his secondary. I had an assault rifle as my primary and a pistol as my secondary. Guess who had the higher concealment? 10/10 Would hide assault rifle again
i have no armour and only five hearts BUT I GOT A YOYO SO LETS FIGHT EYE OF CTHULU!!
really good game hours of fun and the mods sick
👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀 good ♥♥♥♥ go౦ԁ ♥♥♥♥👌 thats ✔ some good👌👌♥♥♥♥ right👌👌there👌👌👌 right✔there ✔✔if i do ƽaү so my self 💯 i say so 💯 thats what im talking about right there right there (chorus: ʳᶦᵍʰᵗ ᵗʰᵉʳᵉ) mMMMMᎷМ💯 👌👌 👌НO0ОଠOOOOOОଠଠOoooᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒ👌 👌👌 👌 💯 👌 👀 👀 👀 👌👌Good ♥♥♥♥
Fantastic game, I suggest picking this game up especially now that its on sale. Even thought its a very short game I say its worth it, the game has humor, murder, back stabbing and best of all. the ability to kick down doors.
IT IS AWESOME!!!!!
You die of starvation, take over all of europe and then your empire is destroyed by 6 comets!10/10
Great Game - Ruined my life :D JK JK
great game
I love csgo-Buys csgo- plays csgo- gets a drop- opens case- get Karambit- became a noob- guy said ill trade you for a redline- thought it was worth alot- so i became a bigger noob- traded it- found out about the prices- realise i lost 100$ +- gets depression - quits- comes back- gets another case- opens it- gets a flip knife- trys to rrade up- becomes a trading pro- sells kinfe- buy Dayz and Fallout 3- no depression- plays MORE- gets another case ( maybe 300 cases later )- Gets another knife- sells it- buys games- Months later- Gets Fallout 4- csgo never played againjks i play it stillbut seriously this game gives you depression69/10 IGN - " Wow im now have depression "
Is V goodly
Nice Game And Love The Ne Update
brains...
perfect mix of humor and dark themes, difficult and incredibly fun, truly a gem
ehh, not a bad game really... The community is rubbish though
This game is great fun. If you're in Australia get the Left 4 Gore mod, cos the low violence version is no fun at all.
Is good you buy now yes you buy now yes? very in depth strategy game and complex it takes some getting used too but very fun and enjoyable especially WHEN THE AI MADE NINETY FOUR MEGA MASSIVE FLEETS OF DESTRUCTION and the war rages till this day. lol
Fantastic 4X strat game, the factions that are available are interesting and the combats actually enjoyable, hands down my favorite 4X in regards to combats. That said, theres not all that many factions and while they are unique, are rather limited and the custom factions don't really add all that much freedom and it could be better in that regard. The same issue applies to units as well, each faction gets three unique units and faction heroes available for sale on the Merc Market tend to follow the same format based on their original faction as well.These downsides don't detract THAT much from the game however, its still a highly enjoyable experience and with modding being an option, its quite possible that this can be built upon.
foath
Vlad is definitely not a vampire.
So far the most addictive game ive played!
Neither, a ReviewThe neither is a great game in as an alpha stage and runs greatly, but be warned other online players will mostly will not be friendly so getting a trusting buddy to go around the streets is a great idea, if anyone wants to play this game i am happy to compony in these dangerous streetsFrom Snazzyredyi give this game (in alpha stage) 7.3 out of ten (meaning it still needs ALOT of work) 01/01/2014
Really Good Game, I would Recommend this game to anyone who is looking for a Survival Game 4/5
Sid Meier\'s Civilization Beyond Earth is a "beyond Earth" civ game, where upon leaving Earth you land on a vibrant colorful alien landscape. The game adds some key different features to the civ formular but lacks progession from titles like civ 5, infact I recommend buying civ 5 and expansions over beyond eart.
I was playing the demo a couple days ago. 12 hours later I\'d bought the game and was running into the city to draw a divine sigil on a statue with holy water.Very easy to get swept up in it all, but for the best experience you have to remain vigilant, and try to be active within the community. IRC, forums, friendly folks but it can be easy to miss some things in the "Live Missions", but there should always be enough time to get involved even if you miss something get announced
Interesting FPS puzzle game, kinda overrated.
Great game, could keep you entertained and distracted for days.
LOVE this game because you can be a badass space ninja
it's price/s are cheap and affordable, as i got all the DLC's including the game for $14-$18... of cousre it was on sale, but still affordable
There's still plenty of people playing this game, don't worry about not finding a match.Oh and ignore the small number of hours, I just haven't touched singleplayer.
really good game if you like 2D you will like this build houses get armour find all kinds of stuff
10/10I havn't played a good platformer since the original oddworld series. This game has definitely satisfied and I'd recommend it. The soundtrack, graphics and backgrounds are really well done.
my game not save and there two patch after playingstill not save :/
First of all, I would like to thank developers for being very consistent about the updates.I do play some indie games and I reckon 'Project Zomboid' is the best game in terms of updates and i can't even mention all those features which were very interesting and I could definitely see hard work from the developers. (For example, Multiplayer, WOW!)I am a big fan of open-world survival game(+zombie apocalypse) and this game is  just great and I can gurantee that it willbecome even better and better with upcoming updates which are on a regular basis.Only the hard part for me were/are bugs and I think these bugs do not bother too much in terms of game progressing andI do understand it considering that it is stil an early access game.I assume this game has potential to become one of the best games in the genre(i personally think it already is).
Team Fortress 2 Is a game where you can laugh with your friends about that guy you just shot.
The BEST game ever made. Also free for others that cant afford money. Lots of servers, and the best thing, HATS! You can get buds and ♥♥♥♥. But 1 thing... NEVER! WEAR! AND TOUCH! THE GIBUS!
VERY NICE
Well.... Just play it
Simply the best
Best Game ever.
Brilliant and touching game. Something a little different. Something for players who want something more than guns and violence.
this game sucks ♥♥♥
Dark souls is an amazing game. There I said it. This is a good game, it really is as fun as people say it is. However, whoever decided that this version was good enough to release on the PC was clearly not putting in the effort that this game deserves. If you do decide to play it the DS fixes are a must have although they are difficult to install.  I was first tipped off to how bad of a PC port this was when i noticed that the controls posted to do certain things were configured for an xbox. I know that many people play this game with an xbox controller on the PC because they claim it is easier. I play it with a mouse and keyboard. The controls are awkward but not a deal breaker. However, that the controls in your item menu screen are xbox controls and not PC ones for a game of this quality on steam no less, feels like a bad emulator of a game for another system not a professional release.That is just minor stuff though. This is the big kicker for me: the lag, oh the lag. The lag makes it so that randomly your game will freeze even in offline mode and force you to shutdown the program. I can live with that. for a good game, it is worth it. since the game saves every ten seconds this doesnt seem like such a big deal. But, the game does not save during a boss fight. if your game quits out in the middle of a boss fight, you start the fight over. usually this isn't such a big deal, you can fight the boss and beat it between lag spikes usually. However, some bosses, are tanks and they require quite a bit to grind down. This is where the problem is. If you get a lag spike during these boss fights, all your hard work and all the items you spent fighting it are gone. Gone. you have to start over. At the time of writing I have just killed a boss I have had to fight nine times not because i died to it that many times but because each time the game lagged and froze and I had to restart my computer. Moreover, it froze and forced me to quit right after I killed the boss and guess what? Didn't count, I have to fight the boss all over again! I am running it on the lowest graphics setting I can on a good computer to by the way.I would like to give this game a good review. I really would. The enemies are challenging and fun, the level design is fantastic the artwork even on low graphics is amazing. But, sadly the hard work of the developers has been spoiled because someone was too lazy to make a proper PC port of this game. I have heard that dark souls two is significantly better and that it runs much smoother. Good I say, but, I payed for THIS version of Darksouls with the understanding that while not exactly intended for the PC it would function on the PC. what I have gotten is a game that has broken even with numerous patches that clearly needs more work. I sadly regret paying 20 dollars for it and am glad I did not spend more on it. I would like to see this game succeed, I really would but, at the same time I am angry because what I payed for was not what I got. I will probably keep playing it in the hopes that maybe it will work this time but, all and all I am dissatisfied with the minimal level of functionality this game has on a PC.
I used to like minecraft not any more 10/10 :D
This game is great for both newcomers and fans of the arkham franchise.
Great game for when you're bored or when your internet is dead. Never ending suspense fills your mind as you walk through a series of puzzles and obstacles. Has got some kick-♥♥♥ scenes and you always feel uplifted when you complete a stage. Good work Arnt Jensen :)
Quite fun for a RPG, Worth playing if u find skyrim and cod fun
AMAZING! Basically Assassins Creed Multiplayer on a cruise ship :D
Great game
Un Buen juego Free to play
Comparable to Diablo III, great dungeon crawling fun and endless gameplay.
This game cost me my life and my time but at the same time caused me hours and hours of sad sad grief and multiple accounts of seppuku BUT IT HAS HATS! 420/10 IZ GUD DEL #HL3CONFIRMED
Great game i'd reccomend for people who like to burn some time
Fun
This is legit what happened when I played Civ one day.and oh yeah, Persia is overpowered...9:00AM -Friend says: Let's play a quick game of Civ V while we wait for friends to come on steam.16 hours later...1:00AM -Oh look, we missed like 8 invites and it's early in the morning, wanna play another quick game? I promise it'll only take an hour or 2.12 hours later...1:00PM -♥♥♥♥ I forgot to eat breakfast, I'll be back soon15 minutes later...1:15 -zzzzzz*face in bowl of cereal*
0/10 Removed Big stages
Buy a controller. Don't bother otherwise
O game é incrível, embora a maioria dos jogadores tenha alguns problemas, no meu PC roda muito bem (só com no maximo 25 FPS). Enfim, No Man's Sky me deu boas horas de diversão com esse vasto universo.
Amazing GOTY 2015.
O jogo é muito divertido de se jogar em mutiplayer (e é "legal" no modo "historia") ele deveria melhorar a customização de armas arrumar o bug do reload.Mas em geral ele é bem divertido de se jogar em mutiplayer(mas ele tem muitos bugs isso prejudicam o jogo mas ainda está em alfa ou beta.Então isso e justificavel.
i find this game really interesting and fun and if you like little indie multiplayers this game is totally worth your money
I would reccommend this game for everyone with portal 2. It has the most amazing amount of story and gameplay it fits perfectly. The voices are quite real sounding as well!
SO COOL! SO MUCH FUN! AWESOME PROGRAM FOR LETTING YOUR MIND RUN WILD! WOULD RECOMMEND!!! :DDDD
Great Game. Loved It.
After the recent patch RoboCraft has become quite similar to a MOBA. Now while some of the community has disliked this I feel this will help it in the long run. The new gameplay mode does take longer. However, it does provide new opportunities for interesting gameplay. As well as becoming longer the devs have added a shield around the base that heals you and goes down after the opponents have control over all the newly added towers.These new game mechanics have really added to the strategy of the game. No longer will your opponents rush at you, trying to take your base early. Instead, they will try to take towers as you fend them off and try to take towers of your own.One of my favorite moments in this game was when I was the last surviving member of my team and the enemy was attacking my base. Using the new shield to my advantage I (and a large amount of drifting and strafing) I was able to destroy the attackers and with the overclocking I had gained led a successful charge on the enemy base after we had taken all the towers.Overall the game is very fun and I would recommend picking it up.
very bad
♥♥♥♥ game
great game
Pay to play every month ♥♥♥♥ that
Un excellent jeu de rôle dans la droite lignée des premiers Fallout, qui mérite d'être plus mis en avant.La progression de notre personnage est bien amenée tout au long de notre périple et plusieurs choix s'offre à nous celon nos compétences et notre style de jeu. Aucune erreur ne pardonne dans cette univers rude car la difficulté prononçée de certaine situation ne pardonne pas, ce qui renforce le coté stratégie et pousse le joueur à trouver de nouveaux moyens pour y parvenir.Bref sauté dessus ce jeu en vaut la peine.
super jeu on ne s enuie jamais dessus tellement de mode de jeu de toute les langues mais malheuresement quelque bug mais rien de tres grave
Even without the sale this game is by FAR one of the greatest 16gb of space on your pc, many hours will lost replaying this accictive game!
Pretty good. At the start you could be a bit rusty, but further on it gets quite fun and simpleTF:GO ruined TF2
If I live to see a thousand suns and moons rise and set on a thousand planets, it will never match the pure beauty of Kung Fury
Pros:I dont actually know of any?Maybe it being cheap and gives a couple cards and such?Cons:Glitchy -Animations are clunky from time to time  -Zombies attack without animation   -Zombie attacks dont have to touch youGenuinly boringLack of progressionLack of rewarding and motivation to playBroken multiplayer...The list drags on.Final verdict:Not a good game, doesnt really matter since I got it in a cheap rubbish bundle for the trading cards.1/10
If you don\'t have this game, there is something definetly wrong with you. What are you waiting for? The "Add to Cart" button is right there!
it's awseome dont look back just get it
What the ♥♥♥♥ it runs at 30fps. This game looks worse than ♥♥♥♥ing arkham origins and runs so much worse, crashes and stutters. The batmobile is fun when you get above 50fps (from the .ini file fix), but you don't on open ground which sucks, the combat is really fun, but I'd recommend  just playing custom maps from city.
This game is great. So great in fact that it kept crashing before the game would even get to the main menu. 10/10
IN WHAT GAME CAN YOU KILL SATAN, KILL YOUR MUM,  ET AN ITEM CALLED MUMS PAD AND ENTER YOUR MUMS WOMB.
10/10
This game might not have th best graphics but it is by far one of the most moving stories I have ever known. It holds a Epic level of story telling that Game of thrones books have.The game is only 4 hrs long but you cannot pass something so amazing I wish I had $10 to send it to everyone. Now consider me a FreeBirdGaming Groupie
This game is the best game I've played in a long time10/10
DO NOT BUY THIS GAMEIts like a team of "good" game devs came together with a budget of -50.00 and they ♥♥♥♥ this out and put it on steam, This is like a knockoff playstation 1 game and the controls didnt even workPlease stop this madness STOP
Reborn absolutely ♥♥♥♥ed this game for the low-mid end pc users. Guess I'll just play League.
A very simple yet fun game to play when you don't have much do to.
Rome II is my favourite RTS of all time it takes both whit and skill to destroy your foe. it is both challenging and rewarding however if you don't have a super computer forget about it the graphics are intense!
(Very fun, and constantly evolving game.) is what i said back in 2013. Its is sad how much has changed since then. Microtransactions are the last straw. runs the fun of the game when the balence of the game is hidden behind a cashwall.
Garry's mod is one of those games that literally have no limits from sand box to TTT (Trouble In Terrorist Town), you can do anything you want all you need to do is think about it then do it.
This is a warm pile of ♥♥♥♥ in the corner of the internet :D Enjoy ur day And i had played atleast 120 hrs on my realm account which isnt on Steam so trust when I say that
I'll be honest, i'm only reviewing a game to get a badge. But killing floor is pretty friggen awesome.
10/10 Would feed again
10/10 Would feed again
This game very good because it  test your skill to survive and test your mind thinking it is  use on crafting thing and more information about crafting go to see update on 2.1.2 i guess , good game is a very good game, and i forget that is barbed wire,spike trap ,eletrical wire, and wood baricade is my favorite item on UNTURNED.
An amazing game and one of ther best stratergy games I've playd in a long time. Worth buying, so addictive and really fun
Just when I thought I had gotten rid of my Adventure Capitalist addiction :( Rest in peace another 1000 hours
bans you for "cheating" 10/10
Hello,Very Good game if into Simulation and also it relates very well to real life, This game Is very mod flexible and there have been alot of mod releases latley e.g. Arma 3life Milsin units and all of that sort of stuff that takes the modding cabablilties very far with this game
Tiny Tina is best DLC ever
Oh say can you see, by my ♥♥♥♥♥.
-Completed first level.-Completed second level.-Got to third level.-Saw sheep and mines.-Sheep blew themselves up with mines.11/10 would wait for sheep to blow up again
Haven't played much, but it seems fun
Fun game, So many different types of servers and maps that you never get bored c:
Best game of time.Such a majestic screensaveryou cant go wrong by doing nothing and watching this game not change 4 4 hours and 30 minutes in counting.Pls give mod support and put in death star in background, it would highly improve the game even more
Never have I been disappointed at a game and still recommend it.1/1
1000/10, it's just amazing. Nothing else to say
butifel
Dont even have it... gg
I wouldn\'t buy this game unless it was on sale. It has many bugs and bad character modelling and laziness with some textures. it is however fun to play "My Career" and against friends, but you may experience issues with the NBA servers which is another major flaw in design. All in all an OK game if you enjot basketball otherwise not great.
This is a good game for LAN parties and a worthy download.
good
they did something good but then so much that was so, so wrong.they finaly added a deck builder function but then removed 2HD and in its place added microtransactions, amazing trade......
Warframe is a great game. They created a 3rd person shooter unlike any other. The amount of weapons, pets and warframes (suits) is fenomanel and you can get almost everything for free.So first I'll tell you the negatives. This is a game where you will need to hide behind cover but there is no proper cover system witch is a big problem. At first it may be hard to adjusting to having to crouch behind objects and move out of cover to shoot people but it is easy to get used too. The great thing is once your character ranks up a bit this becomes less and less of a problem.I would suggest playing this game while it's free because it's going to become a full game (is in beta at the moment) and so this may add a price tag. Premium is something that can really make things easier but i don't suggest getting it because buyihng stuff always seems to be a waste.The extensive amount of stuff is another thing. While there are about 14 warframes (suits) which are all completely different some a really overpowered and others underpowered, it doesn't work. The overpowered ones are hard to get and underpowered ones you start with (the best starting warframe is Loki btw) (second best is excalibre.I recommend buying blueprints for everything because their so much cheaper the only issue is you have to wait to build stuff and you have to collect items. Sentinels are really overpowered and bad for stealth (unless you get the one for stealth). They are basically pets and shoot enemies for you.All around this is an awesome game with great gameplay it just has a couple of flaws. If you have enough friends to play with it can be very addictive but if you don't have any friends that are interested don't bother playing it because this game is made for multiplayer.
when dayz and minecraft have sex they make unturned
When your mum says "can you get the 100% orange juice out of the frige" this game is what she means.And no....... i didnt buy this game just to write this review
BEST.GAME.EVER JUST BUY IT
When i first got this game i didint like but after a couple hours of gaming i got addicted to it good graphics and great gameplay its simular to leage of legends so fans of that game get this
This milsim brings a visceral realism to FPS gaming.Even at Alpha/Beta stage this game outshines any other FPS titel and I cannot wait till the full 270km Island in the full release.
if you HAVN'T already got this game then, WHAT THE HELL HAVE YOU BEEN DOING ON STEAM!
If destiny was good
Great if you can get it working!
10/10Could have bought a new car, bought skins instead
Only in this game, Can I live my dream of wearing no pants and killing octopi.TedMcPain/10
PURE FREAKING GENIUS. WITH MODDABILITY THE POSSIBILITIES ARE AS FREAKING VAST AS YOUR IMAGINATION AND/OR YOUR PC'S ABILITY TO HANDLE THE AWESOMENESS!
HOI OIM TEMMIETODAY IM REVOIWOING OINDOITOILBOI THOIS GOIMis this a jokeare you having a ♥♥♥♥ing chuckle?haha very funnyim the onw with a degree
I'd called this the worst present ever if I ever got something like this on Christmas
Great casual game for all types of gamers.
Its a great game (Once you get used to it) like certian apocalypse games you usualy don't have a crosshair which makes it feel more realistic, the thing i really like about it is  that their is GORE!!! I like in games seeing peoples heads exploding MMMMMMMMMM! (Okay i'm going to end this because its getting a bit insane.)
This is a pretty great game, the matchmaking system makes it easy for beginners yet also difficult for experienced players. Worth picking up if you're not a scrub. Git gud b4 versing me tho kid.
Amazing program use it every day.
This game i struely the best
ITS NOW FREE... IT BACK.... AND BACK IN BISSINIS
Theres nothing like ripping the horn off a baron of hell and beating him to death with it :DFeels like the Doom we all grew up with, fast run and gun with minimal story but with a few modern tweaks added =.RIP AND TEAR BABY!! :)
a blisteringly fast indie platformer with the best qualities of both modern and retro gaming; polished to precision and punishingly difficult.
it was a good good dlc , but i can't swich it to chinese , i can only use english. i hope your guys can fix it
Good game, sharp controls, decent story holds intrest for the whole main story, quite short, around 4 hours long, good graphics, definitely recommended
This game could give E.T. a run for its money.
mto bom
best game
I really like the game but I dont want to give it a 10/10 but I wouldnt give any game 10/10 becasue no game is perfect. But still this game came really close. There are still a lot of things that I would want them to work on.1. when you pick a choice it actually changes the game completely.Thats really it.
click click click click click r click click click r click r r click click click click click r
For a HD remake you would think it would be HD looks like im still playing on the PS2
Yes this is very fun there are nokill rp servers aswell but if your crazy than kill some mofos on rex rampage!Rex rampage is full of dino killers! you can even be the dinosaurs!!your option of teams re dinosurs or humans i really recommend this game if you buy it you wil see! =)
This is an amazing game, but don’t be fooled, this is no shooter. When I first started playing I was thinking, "Great a zombie survival shooter" wrong, if that is how you look at this game you will not have fun, but once you start to play this game as a survival game it becomes a lot more fun and a lot more strategic. So get ready for an adventure because this game is going to take you on one.Hang on and enjoy the ride
I love this game <3<3
great game, simplistic yet enough detail to maintain interest
Fun little game to kill time when you're bored.
i really like the challenging aspects of this game
Jogo muito bom! recomendo!
It's like playing tennis. With planets. And suns. Too much fun!
My world, was a dark void. I had nothing, knew nothing. I felt my will slip away, each and every day. What was life? What.. what was I here for. Questions drifted through my empty head, persisting me with answers, answers I couldn\'t give. It was one night I almost took my life. Pills or, or, a gun to my head. But there was a shining light in my life. Something that I\'d almost overlooked ever since my world started to ruin. Something inside me made me stop. I dropped the gun, dropped the pills and ran from the kitchen. Through the living room, and past the hallway towards my room. I slowed to a stop as I reached my computer. I turned on the computer and logged on...I opened Skype to check if my best friend had replied and said he\'d talk to me again, let me have my girlfriend back, pay for my car that he broke and convince my parents to accept me again.My eyes glanced over the page hopefuly then drifted to the bottom. "You\'re a ♥♥♥♥wad who plays Warframe all day. Get a life."I sat down on my chair and let out a sigh. I lost my job, my friends, my girlfriend, my parents, my life...The only thing I had left was Warframe.Then again, Warframe made me lose my job, my friends, my girlfriend, my parents AND my life.Eh.Warframe was the best game I ever played. Thank you <3
Only buy if you want to deal with all the ♥♥♥♥ and bugs in the game. I do understand its Early Aceess but the devs have had a LONG time to fix ♥♥♥♥ but havent buy at your own risk
nice and fun pixle game
Is anybody experiencing crashes at the start screen?
Needs a limited edition where it includes a box filled up with high-quality absorbent tissues.
The Beginner's Guide is... well, The Beginner's Guide is different, the story it tells of a river that flows.It's all, a part of the experiance.Whether The Beginner's Guide is a work of fiction or a work of fact is something that is actually tearing me up inside, it is not often that I write reviews or actually make comment on a game's deeper meaning, but, the experiance is... Uncomfortable, and I feel that, The Beginner's Guide was designed to be just that. After playing through it a few times, you begin to connect dots that you didnt even know existed. So, should you Buy this game? Hell yea, buy it now and experiance it. The overall theme is something that, in this day and age, is more and more important.==================================Read Ahead if you wish to read my views on the subject matter.==================================.......Going to warn you here that this next bit may be considered a spoilerIf this is a work of fact, then... the subject has missed the point, but, that also seems to be the point, by continuing through the game you get the impression, through the tones used by Davey, his choice of words, and just the general feel of the final screens of the game, that as much as there is a need to continue to experiance the work of Coda, but, there is also deep deep regret within Davey.In the second chapter, the whisper chapter, you are automatically skipped through a maze section, (in which you have the option to turn back and complete it if you wish) but this single act, shows that, Davey hasnt actually learnt anything from the ordeal. But that may just be a choice to depict his mental state at the begining. With Davey only coming in about halfway through Coda's game design career, it's understandable the excitement you get from experiancing these new and wonderous creations from a mind that isn quite on the straight and narrow.Coda ensured that everything in his game's had a point, everything appeared done, from the gun that was useless and then skybox where you could see the end of the universe, things were done deliberatly. It's not my place to say that anything was done, or, if it was intended, or, if I could even have any minute semblance of an understanding of how  Coda worked. That's the point of the story. You dont know an artist through their work. Just like Davey when he told people that Coda was depressed, or in a bad state of mind, because of the theme of the little tidbits of game that he created.Coda just enjoyed what he did, and the pressure that Davey put on him, the rush, explains why he slowed down his development, because, Davey couldnt, didnt, wouldnt, understand the demons he had inside of him, his need to be validated through someone elses work. Did Davey put out these works as his own? Did he really add the lamp-posts into the games? You cant know, not unless Davey tells us so, and yet, its only a game.And you Cant know an artist through their works.
My first ever review,Cant believe the price on this best game ive played in ages.This game, its blance, its concepts, everything about it is beautiful. This is what an RTS is supposed to be PLUS the fps side is an awesome idea great for doing the hardwork when ur outnumbered and outgunned or those pesky aircraft!!To the designer and publisher:dont let this end here i would love to see you make Executive Assault 2. Get financed by a big company but make sure your in charge of all decisions on design and concepts. Nothing needs to be changed the way it is now except for a few buggy bits here and there, only thing i would like to see is more unique content (factions/races/alien race?), more units, more maps with up to 8 player and bigger maps. Really like the feature where u can have other players play as ur executive bots awesome concept except unfortunately theres noone online at least not here in australia. Amazing.
apparently android hell is not level 16
great game, this game is by far one of the best mmorpg games i have played even better then some payed products keep up the good work
This game has days of fun and new things to do, Great way to spend 10$
Abandond by Devs STAY AWAY! Its not worth anything. If you want a game like this just play Trove its better and free.
ODIO este juego. Una pequeña bala te mata de una. Demasiado dificil encima cuando moris en el segundo piso y empezas TODO de nuevo. El salto no te salva del Rey Bala. Pero por otro lado buenos graficos y destruccion de objetos.
Why did they put bro on everyones name?FOR JUSTICE AND TO SCARE EVERYONE TO DEATH!!!!FOR FREEEDOM. Or should i say Brodem.......... and brostice.... and brotasticness....Well lets just get to the point. This a BROSOME GAME FULL OF BROTASTIC FEAUTURES including make a level with is made out of bombs ..... broooom!
Muuito bom...!!!
Is my favouritest gaem of all tiem
It's ♥♥♥♥.
more guns more begs and a save botton
STARBOUND STARBOUND STARBOUND
Wow, Just Wow
You can fart on everyone.10/10
Killing floor 2 is a welcomed upgrade to the original killing floor. The skill trees add some extra benefits to each class and the maps have huge detail put into them especially biotic labs. The graphics are another leap forward and im really enjoying every minute so far. Id recommend for those aiming to loose some time in their night and spank some zombies all around. Whilst the maps are currently limited im sure with release it'll be overflowing with maps.
About as cheesy as a John Cena movieOr Shoot Em' Up. oh god shoot em' up was cheesy. Like Pont l’Eveque level cheesy
Pretty sick little game, for five bucks or whatever it is, pick it up. Heaps of fun, even if you cant really work out why
This game is RUBBISHFirst launch game, servers are down... Fine with that. (Week Later)Second launch, Character creation failed - Due to bug (Week later)Third launch crashes.....Fourth launch - Oh wait there wasn't, (Uninstalled) My opinion Def's not worth $20....
Go read a critic's review or something. I'm not good at this. But, y'know, it's pretty good.
i fricken love this game and thank you gabeand gabe can you give me 1000 knifes FIXES AND BUGSfor arm race when you kill a player it shows you level upp which is anoying more scout rifles plz i really love the aug and the sg but i want a new scout rifle which is differentnew sniper rifle plz i still love the awpthe message of the day is anoying so yeahand make cooperative mode can you have  un cooperative mode which is the same but lower ranks plz?and for knifes i want one shot?amd add dust 3 and nuke 2 plz??!!!!!
its goodi spent longer doing this review than polygon +kotaku combinesand i even played the game.
This game is pretty dank.
>Lag op as hell>Such goals>ppl Crash you because its funny >Best maps >Such Mlg gam12/10
This is one of the best twin-stick shooters I've ever played, and if you love that style of game, then absolutely go pick this up. If you're still making your mind up, I even made a handy Youtube video for you to see the game in action:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Ap6WnXDbdw
Always a lot of fun, Especially when running dayz mods :D
The Game is awsome. Very, very fun to play and very gory. However i don't recommend buying the Deadliest warrior expansion. It feels like a different game.
El juego es muy bueno en tanto de que no es ni muy simulador ni muy arcade lo que le da un toque de realismo sin ser aburrido tiene una buena variedad de autos y personalizacion lo que le da muchas horas de juegos gran variedad de carreras y demas lo unico criticable en este juego es que no esta muy bien optimizado ya que sus graficos no son del todo bueno y se me lagean con una 960 mientras que otros juegos de autos con mayores graficos me lo corren de una manera mas fluida
This is quite possibly the most fun game I have ever played!! From the briliant taunts to the thousands of weapon combinations this game will keep you occupied for hours on end.
This game nearly made me cry Havent played a game this good in a while 10/10 Everyone needs to play it.
Great game you gotta love all the modes in this game.
TF2: Realistic
k
Not a big review guy but all the negative review, I feel like I should review my opinions.Specs:2x980ti (was not using SLI during this time)i7-6770k running at the retail clockspeed of 4Ghz32GB DDR4 RAMRunning the game at max settings on a 3440x1440 ultrawide monitorProformance:I do go down to around 40ish frames for a couple of seconds now and then, nothing that will ruin my fun.Most of the time I checked, I was above 70FPS. So the proformance for me was no issue, not saying that the game doesn\'t have issues. Just I don\'tStarting out:I started out on a planet that was a bit hard to move around with all its "lumpyness". This did make it a bit harder for me to gather what I needed to repair my ship and get stared.Ship up and running:Once I was able to fly I stuck to the same planet, just to explore waypoints, I never read much about this game and I thought there was limited waypoints, THERE IS A POOP TON! So around this time I was finding Knowledge stones to learn languages to communicate to the NPCs. My friend reminded me that if I discover all the creatures on the planet I get a big credit reward. So I did that.Leaving the planet:I got all the creatures, claimed my 225,000 credit reward and wen\'t to the next planet in the solar system to discover those. I traveled, met NPCs and used my language knowledge to give them what they want and get rewarded for doing so. I explored waypoints, upgreaded bag slots and bought new multitools and kept on upgrading. But my main focus was language and creatures! So I explored for almost 4 hours now and I am still on the first solar system, There is 4 planets and 1 moon. I am on my last planet, then I want to go travel to another system. Did it live up to my expectations?:I was not apart of the hype train, I first saw the game years ago and decided that I might get it, All the news, all he hype building. I stayed away from, I made myself think this game is going to fail. The day before it releases I buy it and play it as soon as its out, I enjoy it and it beats my expectations! I am just still starting out and I have not left my system yet! I already got 5 hours of playtime! What dissapointed me about the game?:The flying was not what I expected, I would reccoment using a controller, but even then it isn\'t the best.
Overall this game is a positive. New units, factions and deck types really broaden the playable field. New maps seem to be ok too.My 2 biggest issues however is, A. The campaign where it normally involved only a handful of maps where the AI repeatedly attacks (often pointlessly, with me losing no units) and constantly getting new forces whilst mine canot retreat and refit in time. B. Naval battles are pointlessly imbalanced in favour of PACT with all but the Kongo and OHP class Blufor ships seemingly unable to either hit with or defend against missiles. Meanwhile the Redfor (PACT for me) support ships are numerous, cheap and effective. Whenever a naval battle comes up, my only chance is to kite around whilse launching massive numbers of bombers at the enemy capitals in the hope that one or two will get through.Overall i love the new setup, smoke is amazing and the reverse function is a lifesaver and if i could figure out how to win more consistently multiplayer would be great. But dont buy it for the sole purpose of naval combat and campaign unless you really have time to burn and happen to love the same maps over and over and over and over.....
Trading Cards FTW
Spent 100% of my playtime crawling through fields to the objective just to get mortar'd and checking out the 20 different crouch stances
Let me be clear, this is not an FPS/RPG game.It is not Ghost in the Shell, but there is an amazing reference to it fairly early on.It is not Neon Genesis Evangelion, but it certainly gives it a run for its money.It is not Warhammer 40k, but it takes a few cues from some its more "noteworthy" elements.It is not Borderlands, nor Quake, nor Unreal Tournament.It is not a cinematic experience that we have come to expect from modern developers.It is very much its own thing, and that thing is amazing.E.Y.E: Divine Cybermancy is a first person shooter notable for its utterly insane combat choices, mindblowingly insane plot and insanely appropriate mistranslation.The setting is a combination of post-apocolyptic cyberpunk ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, Warhammer 40k, David Lynch movies and heavy religious overtones, all presented in the glory of mistranslated french and corrupted Russian voiceovers.It\'s a grotescque parody of stealth games, with crouched speed bordering on crawling, labyrinthian tunnels that span humungeos maps and lead in nothing but obtuse loops. Incredibly broken stealth mechanics balanced only by the existence of the cloak.This is very much a game about going balls to the wall crazy, jumping 20 meters into a group of people with an damaclues while having an existential crisis and halucinating 20 foot tall cyberdemons.While someone blows up extradimensional horrors and actual 20 foot tall cyberdemons with a completely inaccurate but amazingly robust mini-gun.At the same time as another person mows down hundreds of hundreds of space terrorists with an insanely high rate-of-fire submachinegun while abusing hilarious autotargeting implants with maximum efficiancy.Entirely in glorius 32 player co-op.E.Y.E: Divine Cybermancy can only be described as an accidental surrealist genocide simulator that righteously ♥♥♥♥♥ all over whatever gaming convention happens to deter from its appointed duty and firmly cements itself in a niche that very few games manage to do well, if at all.You gain brosouf.My legs are ok.Don\'t download the translation patches they ruin everything.
miuto bom,apesar da demora do respawn
Someone made me there hostage in battle royal, and dragged me around for 30mins.
Absolutely worth it for the price, even if you typically don't like RPGs, as this is very different from the usual formula. You will not be disappointed.
fun game thx summer sale 2013
Very fun an innovative MOBA game. The only drawback to this game is the system (Unfair Matchmaking , P2P hosts , no proper servers) But that is understandable unless Ronimo magically aquires millions of dollars. Overall great game ^_^
one of the best free to play games out there.
Only after a few months and this game got the hits that unexpectedly rocked the media, and just when I thought it was enough, there's a sequel. That gives gmod/SFM ers some fun as well.
Im glad I got a refund on this product.Unfortunatley, I cant see f2p games being viable vs a full price product. Supporting games in early development is great for the developers but doesnt reap as many rewards for the players. I went throught a period supporting the Warz/infestation development in early access to end up with the game in its current state, which is not much different from how its launched which was identical to the launch issues and complaints felt with this game itself.It's a bad feeling to see that something you purchased is far from what was advertised, and an even worse feeling to have the early access de ja vu about so many similar products in the same genre. I would have gladly paid a suitable price for a full game licence as oppposed to a f2p/p2w model. I cant see how anyone can enjoy a game where the playing field is not level from day one.Pre-determined DLC itself causes imbalance to the playing field but in a f2p game on an early access development plan with micro-transactions in the early access stage just begs a citation for ridiculousness.I am keen to see how this development plans out but for the time being, it seems dire. All arguments aside on which game in this genre is going to be the best, I think people should vote with their wallets and the best way to do that is to wait until a game comes to its fruition before throwing countless hours and dollars at it.Dayz is still underdeveloped for the time its been in early access on the market. WarZ/infestation is a hacker-filled pay2win mess. H1Z1... people who bought into this can only hope and wish and create forum threads and posts in attemps to get the game the way they want it, which is exactly what I had done countless times with the above-mentioned games. The game is going to be what the devs see fit, so long as it is as close to what they invision within the constraints of the producers who need to see this product as viably profitable. What the players say they want will still have the smallest impact at the end of the day. Just keep that in mind, early access is for the developers and producers to see what works to increase sales and gain more followers. Once the game is released they would have expected to have already milked the micro-transaction cashcow for most of what its worth.These f2p models are never as enjoyable as a whole when compared to full release / full licence games.If none of that strikes a nerve with you or your wallet, then this game may indeed be for you.
I have had hours of fun on gmod, never gets boring.Definitely recommend buying it. Worth the money.
Intense Gameplay. Amazing Items!
Don't bother Reading This Just Buy The Game.
Hey all my friends and others, I don't recommand games too often but this is HIGHLY recommanded on my list if you love horde games (Also if you love L4D this is a must buy.) It's melee combat is awesome, loot drops, crafting system for different melee/range weapon to change up the horde system. I been playing the beta today and oh my god I sunk so many hours already. Anyways I give this game an 7/10 opitimzing need fixing (The dev said they will fix that when it releases so hopfully they go though with it.) But that all fokes, review will change when it out of beta depend for better or the worse. Loving this game!
'This be brilliant! Although I've spent only a matter of hours playing this cartoony, first person shooter,I've already deemed it to be my fav fps non puzzle game I've ever played! It has an outstanding online multiplayer, cool cartroony visuals and a greaty community! I suggest you go on the store and download this free to play, non catch game now!'I made this review aboout 11 months ago when I had only about 7 hours of experience, so I think I should update that now I'm almost at the 1000 milestone. This first-person-shooter looks like (from what I could tell) recieved quite a bit of hype with all the trailers and pictures uploaded onto the internet before release, which doesn't really change how the game will turn out but hype is generally a good thing. Before I got this game however, two years ago, my friend Qwertycoxy introduced it to me, and my thoughts were generally positive, but I really wasn't sure what I was doing exactly or the character's different attributes so I left thinking 'That was alright, but I would want more practice on it before I make a judgement' When I downloaded this game back in Feb 2013, I had little experience with the FPS genre so going into this was like trying something new while knowing the basics of it before hand. As months went on, I really got into things and I really started to enjoy the game as a whole. I began to learn the pricing systems which would later help me out quite a bit and my friend Ham introduced me to all these different fan-made game modes and even little minigames in those game-modes. Eventually I managed to unbox an Unusual which is without a doubt my highlight of the game so far. Anyway, the simpleness in the characters' abilities and the like really can be welcoming to new players and the like. I absolutely love the soundtrack to this game even though most tracks are only really featured in Valve-made Source Film Maker videos. I also adore the humour in item descriptions (official ones not so much the ones with a description tag used on) and the items themselves! These items really have their charm and I have to congratulate the community items that have made it into the game. I believe that this is a FANTASTIC game in every way possible (except the sparys but thats not just a TF2 problem) and I hope to still get hours of enjoyment out of it with all my friends!
I find that tf2 is one of the best ever multiplayer first person shooter ever made and everyone should plays it.
great game. ♥♥♥♥ community
Um jogo realmente muito bom e criativo! As skins dos personagens são perfeitas e seus movimentos também... Contém alguns bugs,mas nada que atrapalhe o gameplay
Best game 2015
This Game Is the Best u Dont Have This Game Try It
can hack the world but can't hack myself9/11
great time waster, very difficult to master. the different modes gives a different challenge.
If you're into Far Cry games, it's good fun.Didnt run in to any of the issues other people are talking about.
This game has a lot of potential, needs work on but will be an absolute block buster of a game in the coming months!
兩個字神作!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Boss game, so much fun and always different, no to heist will act the same
Great Game!
omg i love this game so much and is quite close to being my new favourite!
Probably the best game I have ever played in my entire life. Highly recoomend If you're bored on a weekend. But watch a couple of tutorials though.
good game
The real Sim City sequel i've been waiting for!
Best multiplayer game that is fun to play with friends.Happily played it with my sis.
THIS GAME WAS MADE FOR ME
Spent over $100 for a free-to-play game.10/10 would spend $100 again.
very nice game to play
Climbed a ladder and died. 10/10
♥♥♥♥ son y'all need to get in here and play this. its pretty ♥♥♥♥ing excellent
very very sneaky sneaky , i wud sneak with my buttocks up in the air
Its like getting high............................ Without the side effects.Its like taking drugs........................... Without the side effects.Its like smoking weed, bong, etc........ Without the side effects.Its like getting drunk...........................Without the side effects.Its like overdosing.............................. Without the side effects.Its like injecting steroids..................... Without the side effects.Its like having a massive headache...... Yep.Its like having a mental illness............. Without a mental illness.Its like a dream................................... Without waking up.Its like masturbating........................... Without a cooldown time.Its like sexual intercourse....................Without the attachments.Its like a date with the Queen............... With the strings attached.Its like Japan.Its like a videogame........But it is so much more than that 11/10.
nice game i love thisssssss
11/10 would goat again.
i recommend this for every teen
Elite soldier pack has helmets. 10/10, my guy died in style.Story time.I had my epic squad, and we decided it was time to assualt and alien base. This squad had destroyed everything the aliens had thrown at us. Long thin agent aliens, the dumb grunts, and the giant mutons.The squad entered the base, clearing through it easily. The Mec did most of the work. That was until the squad heard a sound, the sound of death. A giant looking bug walked out, it looked easy to be taken down. The squad opened fire shredding the bug apart. Then 5 poured out. The squad was torn apart and injected with the bugs babies, the end.TL;DRThe giant bugs destroy everything.
Walking Simulator 2014 walking/10
played this game a couple years ago and it took me a while for it to get working on windows 10 but its still as good as it was back then
I would write a serious review, but I could just say HOLY ♥♥♥♥ PLAY THIS GAME.
go buy shogur too
When this game first was released, it looked awesome. A parkour-based game. Something a bit different to most of the first-player games around. However, it really isn't that great. The controls. Half of the time when a key is pressed, the game either refuses to carry out that command or take a few seconds for it to be executed. A lot of fun dealing with when trying to beat the hell out of enemies. The AI. Well.. Walk up to a railing to then follow. All of a sudden the game grabs that railing out of nowhere, and now you're dangling on the other side. And when trying to get back on the platform you were on... Nope, the game throws you off the rail into the abyss below. And that's just the smallest of them all.. It would be nice to finish this game completely, but after the game crashed at the last chapter, corrupted the save, and then demanded that I start from fresh again... Yeah. Waste of time & effort that went into a game that I have wanted to play badly since I first saw/heard of it a few years ago.
Haha this game is friggen awesome!
Call of Duty too easy for pwning newbs?Tf2 Easy as well?Well mix Tf2_Arena, Call of Duty, and the Disapline of Dota 2 and you got this game.
Dota 2, arguably the steepest learning curve strategy game you will ever play, yet none more rewarding. A highly competitive game that is now played by millions (for millions, TI4 winners took ~5million USD), that is hugely satisfying.Pros:* Variety in hero builds and teams* High replay ability* Real-time mixture of RTS and MOBA elementsCons:* Brutal learning curve and impossible to master* Demanding community and poor tolerance thresholds* Huge, huge, huge, occupier of your time! (Some games last more than 60 minutes)Otherwise, what are you waiting for... At 805 hours total, I am beginner/intermediate level, and have no plans on stopping now...
This is an excellent game. If you like Minecraft you will like this.
it was exsiting
updates slower then government policy. has more bugs then a homeless mans crotch. They take your money and go get hookers and blow.
I r8 8/8
RIP Wallet
Very Fun, Competitive style of gameplay, dont expect it to be a complete replicate of CSS, none the less very enjoyable game.
a masterpice, i dont know how something this simple be this amazing.
If you love deleting abandoned buildings, then this is the game for you! Spend half your time building a city and half your time deleting abandoned buildings or ones that have burnt down
although it may seem i havent played alot. Thats about how many hours it takes to finish Homeworld 1. I haven't played Homeworld 2... ever in my life. I would imagine it will take longer as the resources are a bit more balanced so when you auto collect it when you go to the next mission, it actually makes you think what you spend it on instead of like in homeworld 1, in one mission you get 100,000 resource units some time before the great nebula.
who thought of space ninjas
who thought of space ninjas
good
Very nice game and still updates often10/10
The. Best. Game. Ever.
Adoro esse jogo. Jogo o dia todo, melhor jogo.
best game i ever played!!
k
There is only one word to discribe this game... "TRASH" just trash I have had it for a week and i still cant get it to run and when it does it runs so bloody bad that it causes its self to crash.. i want my money back
This game is so much fun, hours can be spent playing it over and over again, highly recommended :)
Jogo perfeito, muito bem feito o ambiente, proporciona total imersão ná história. :D
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) I rcommend this lenny army and game to be recommended
Subnautica is pretty fun but after a while it can get a bit boring cause it can get repetitive but overal it's fun and scary all together.
Best F2P game Ever.
Best F2P game Ever.
Rogue Legacy is a nice breath of fresh air in the Rogue-Like genre. The gameplay and the graphics make the game feel more fresh and the family tree and various upgrade systems give the game depth and make it possible for anyone to get addicted to this game.
3Spooky 5me GG
Thank you, Canada! You can turn Heroic Ballads into Godless Howling!
amazing
Personally I liked the pure playability in this game, I had completed this game 4 times before I got bored besides who doesn’t want to play with the corpses of their enemy’s.
Although the game has been released as early access, the gameplay and experience does not feel like a finished product. I'll start with the positives before explaining the negatives. The core themes and graphics of the game are absolutely stunning such that it gives a great fantasy MMO experience. This combined with the stunning sound and music, really does immerse you into Tree of Savior's world perils. In the first hour of jumping in, the artwork and the graphics really emphasise the capacity and potential of what a great game this will be. With over 60 different classes to play and a complex class system which allows a variety of builds, you can be a unique character in a beautiful fantasy world. The level cap is also enormous, being at 600, which definitely shines as a MMO grinder with a long-term future and goal. Class skills and gameplay has been thought out and the combat system does feel fluid to the extent of how a 2.5D game should feel.  However, the game falls flat after an hour or two of gameplay, where buggy quests, an extensive lack of game features, poor lag and frequent disconnections have riddled the game to be a nightmare in itself. The game in itself is very linear and can likened to be sitting on a straight rollercoaster at a theme park. It seems that the developers have just made many maps, pieced them together and thrown one or two NPC's in each one to give quests. Furthermore, there are only two main 'cities' in the game which are your starting cities and the entire game's NPC vendors are situated in the two areas. Nowhere else in the entire game do you find any other vendors or non-quest related NPC's. This makes exploration poor and lacking for a person who loves to explore every inch of a map. Additionally, if you are a non-paying player who chooses not to purchase tokens(equivalent of buying 30day VIP status), then you will be unable to perform a wide range of basic game functions. A few of these functions includes trading and sending items/currency to other players, not being able to use shared storage between your characters and only being allowed to list one item on the Auction House at a time with a higher tax rate. However, it is not to say that you cannot purchase these 'tokens' on the Auction House given you are commited and dedicated grinder. The problems do not end at game design but also to the management of the game. Poor planning to this 'early release' can be seen in the troubles every player are having in completing quests, where server overloads are forcing players to wait 5-10minutes when talking to each NPC. At the time of this review, half of the channels are not working and it disconnects the players from the server entirely. It has been a few days and there is yet to be an update from the developers on the situation of this issue. Furthermore, there are many stories of character being 'stuck' on these disconnected servers and as such, players are stuck unabling to play. You'll be ripping out your hair more than the enjoyment of the game.I would strongly recommend new players to holdout from playing this game until there are further updates which fixes alot of the problems and issues this Tree of Savior has.Pros:+Great artistic visual graphics+Stunning sound and music +Diverse classes and character roles+Wide range of skills on characters+Core combat mechanics are smoothCons:-Bugged quests -Very linear gameplay and tunneled storyline. -Some basic ease of life features are poor, lacking or non-existant(eg- all NPC vendors are in two cities only)-Advertised as 'openworld' but not, with many average sized maps joined together-Keybind and mouse controls are strange-Laggy and overloaded servers (long wait times for mob spawns and when talking to NPC's)-All trading and commercial transactions are capped unless paid for-Alot of functions are currently broken. Entering dungeons disconnects your client-Gold seller spam stutters and lags your game client-Server crashes every few hours-Difficulty of the game is very easy but it is a MMO grinder-Lack of updates and communication from developer
got banned for killing 27 people in one match..... 10/10 wouldn't buy
sweg
there goes my life
My 5 year old couldn't stop laughing.
the game is fun with your friend. i Bought this one when it come out and start to get boring because noone else can play with. Now it is f2p, with more player, new game mechanics, looking great but the thing is the game is buggy as hell...for some part. Like i try to choose this monster but the game decide for itself and change the monster i want(the same goes with hunter). Another one when player quit or afk an A.I will replace them(the thing is A.I is really dumb last time i check) and when player quit, no player will join the game to replace it. The last one is the most annoying despite the 1st, like when you found some buddy in your match, the round end, the game switch to new game which will force me to leave the game and auto finding new player. TR please fix ( I know it is still on Beta Stage but at least make the game seem to be "playable"),P/s: Please bring back the mode Player vs A.I
Awesome indie game, spent alot of time playing this game even more than most new fully developed games. The game is actually challenging which now days is what games are lacking in. There will be times where you feel like crushing your keyboard/controller but thats all added up to the fun and challenging factor8/10 would recommend to play.
Biggest waste of my time. 5 stars :D
Awesome game, addicting.
It has Operation Bravo and Weapon Skins.
NICE GAME!!!!!
NICE GAME!!!!!
A tight and competitive FPS. The best multiplayer FPS in my opinion
Team Fortress 2 is by far the best free to play game on steam right now  and probably always will be  . I have been playing this game on and off for years and my large experience with the game has been amazing. With a large array of community maps and gamemodes implemented regularly this game  despite it's age  keeps players interested and involved in the gameplay. Team Fortress 2 is also very easy to pick up for newer player to the FPS genre. With a somewhat decent community at times and stock weapons  arguably the best weapons  being not only easy to use, but very strong. And of course there are many different and fun weapons to choose from that let players create their own play style and develop a truly unique skill compared to many other FPS games. One downside to note is the server connection. I live in Australia and there have been countless times where i am unable to find a match with decent ping , altough there are many servers with fantastic connections of 40-60 mps noone seems to play on them and rather to play on the higher ping server that are usually full. Which brings me to my next point..... The player baseTeam Fortress 2 recently suffered a big hit after an unpoplar update was released, making the game feel more like valves other succesfull title Counter Strike: Global Offensive. This angered many players claiming the game was now too much like Counter Strike and was no longer the Team Fortress 2 they loved and played  I hate it too  . This caused some players to quit the game, therefore making the community smaller and many servers sadly empty. Aside that though, this game has aged fantastically and i think it is far from dead. This game delivers strong gameplay, fun mechanics, interesting classes, and so much more. My final rating for team fortress 2 is a 9.5-10 PS: i didn't include hats cuz keys atm are like 19 ref or some ♥♥♥♥...... so ♥♥♥♥ that 
Game is so Awesome you should get
This is literally the most surreal experience I have ever had. Thank you and Good luck
words cannot describe how much I love this game
Perhaps the best game of the franchise, hard, unforgiving and with a stealth mission so good that payday 2 will never make up to, this game may not be as customizable as payday 2, but it is worth it
Need more hats
awsome
This game is simply amazing. The story is so well structered and takes you on an emotional trip from Pandora to Eden-5 and back. The amazing story along with their intos with a song and so many other things make it a memrable game. Listening to the songs takes me back to all the emotions I felt while playing. 10/10. only problem is the wait to season 2.
Play it with people, all so try ACE <----- best mod ever made for the game it arms to make the main game beter.
yea look its kinda alrite
Very good expansion!!!!!!!
DC Universe Online is a great MMORPG. All the familiar characters and locations of the DC comics is great. The Best thing in my opinion is the massive character creator. With so many options, you'll spend hours creatin like me.
A perfect reminder that I need to go outside.
so fast , such moves , wow deamons
A challenging and fun puzzler with a good story.
Wow. WTF did I just play. In short, don't bother.[MILD SPOILERS]There is no game here as there's no actual choices being made. You 'play' as Nina, who has never had a boyfriend and never had sex who falls for someone on an MMORPG who has also never had a girlfriend and never had sex. You basically listen to them VOIP and watch a few short movies. The game is over within an hour. There was no way to change any outcomes and the 'game' that you're forced to play was a grind (and not in an ironic MMORPG way). I would have TK'ed him if the server rules allowed it.Super indie, super boring, super quick and for US$8.99 full price (though I snagged it for US$1 in the humble bundle) it is way overpriced.I could be harsher though I'm holding myself back here.
This game is really fantastic. The saying time flies when you're having fun really applies here. The games mechanics are great and the idea of upgrading and customizing your mechs is just cool. This game has very active developers and it you don't have to pay to win. The game offers things to be bought like Airmech Prime which gives you nearly all troops, all mechs, silver vip and gold vip for 30 days + more. This game is great and I highly recommend it.
awesome
One of the best games i've ever played.
THIS GAME IS ABSOLUTE ♥♥♥♥! THE PEOPLE WHO MADE THIS ARE ALL PLANKS
Better than Dead Rising, easily as good as Dead Rising 2
If you didn't get it while it was free, you missed out buddy. You missed out
GET THIS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ GAMETHROW MONEY AT IT
Great game to play with friends, ♥♥♥♥ by yourself though. I recommend joining a realisim unit or a group of peeps who play this often, so you can get the most fun out of it.you also may want to consider to buy the DLC bundle for maximum DLC and freedom euphoria.Getting a new PC just for this game.A GTX 970 will do it! (hopefully)10/10 would buy all the DLC and shizz.P.S. you need a good rig to make this game look amazing, otherwise it's pretty standard.
Seriously amazing game, there are some glitches and lazyness that let it down, but only slightly, overall its worth it, especially with the expansion Enemy Within
ARK is a great game, I think most people can agree on that, and not even finished? That's pretty good, too. But releasing a paid DLC in Early access? Please, just. No, DLC's with more maps that people without the DLC can't play, and at a price at 20USD is just an annoyance, take Payday 2, and Arma 3 for example. People hack the ♥♥♥♥ out of Payday 2 because of all the DLC's just to play them without paying over 200 ♥♥♥♥ing dollars for all the DLC, making another Map just splits the community, and I personally don't think this game can have the community split into two, atleast in OCE servers, I see about 3 Servers out of about 30 with more then 10 people.Now, would I suggest this game? Yes.Would I suggest getting the DLC? Your choice, but personally. I'm just hoping they make it Free, we don't need this ♥♥♥♥. Look at Arma 3, like 40 $ DLC for a Map/etc. In my group of people I play with, we literally have to go around and ask each other if we have the DLC required to, use a Gun, or drive a Car, it's just a pain in the ♥♥♥ and an annoyance.Thanks for reading. I hope this helped you decide on if you wanted to get the Game or not, lets hope that the DLC becomes Free if it doesn't get the Sales it needs to become profitable in some shape or form.
well, i think I've experienced all this game has to offer.thanks for wasting my money
GET IT
Its a fun game
Muito bom quando vc chega na parte de proficional vc pode ganhar dinheiro muito bom mais tem que ser um jogador bom
Dota>LoL
Amazing
if u like games play this
So Excited! :)
This game is hot trash and steals all of its mechanics from Gun Point. Honestly the most disappointing game Devolver Digital has ever pulished.
Yes, its good but heres the problem, its old and no one is playing it, sadly when i bought it, i checked multiple times and no one was on! So sad
Hey look! a bird's eye view, pixellated shooter! well this brings me back... might as well give it a shot, how long will it take to clock, half an hour?  ... Hang on, why am i dying?To anyone looking for a game with intuitive controls, a great electronic soundtrack, a plot that the developers actually seem to care about, and some amazing re-playability (not to mention lots and lots of violence), this is the game to beat.  As long as you can stomach harsh, gritty violence, this is an amazing and thought provoking game.
First off im cutting this game some slack because its in early access but lets get in to my review.This game you could describe as a wooden sheild all round great but wares out quickly this game has some great ideas and things but as it is in early access it gets boring quick and i know the devs do work on this daily which i really appreciate.So to make it more enjoyable and longer lasting experience heres some ideas for the devs-make the helper bot be able to replinsh items on shelfs,pedestals,etc its a bit of a hassle to refill the armour rack when somone buys somthing-add some sort off competitve multiplayer thing where you can vs other peoples shops in every aspect like revnue,customor satisfaction,efficentcey and stuff like that -have the town area more lively so you can vist like a tarvern or somthing to learn skills,other shops to rival and stuff like that-add more setting for perfomance so this game can run on toasters like mine
Great for mind games with friends.
great to play with friends, and has a great story if you can call it that :3
Not what I expected for the sequel of dungeon defenders. I mean that in a bad way
Left 4 Dead 2 a violent, thrilling, heart pumping zombies experience from our beloved half life creators valve. the game contains new characters, weapons, zombies and levels but do all these things make a satisfying zombies experience? lets find out.STORY: the story without a doubt is one of the games biggest weaknesses mainly because the game has no real explanations for why you are do things or why you are going to certain places so the story is quite poor.COMBAT: in a zombie game if the combat sucks than the rest game cant really be good either but thankfully the combat remains the same formula of moving and shooting that the last game used which is one of the main reasons left 4 dead became a hit and one of valves most remembered games today and now that melee weapons have been added the combat its now allot more close and personal.CONTENT:the game has been greatly improved over the original with more weapons, zombies and levels to play through so now you can live through that entire co op experience again with more toys to kill with.THE VERDICT: left 4 dead 2 is a great game with more things to see and do and a bunch of more modes to play such as scavenger and realism so the final verdict is an 8/10 and so I hope you enjoy your game and also hope you enjoyed my review.
Left 4 Dead 2 a violent, thrilling, heart pumping zombies experience from our beloved half life creators valve. the game contains new characters, weapons, zombies and levels but do all these things make a satisfying zombies experience? lets find out.STORY: the story without a doubt is one of the games biggest weaknesses mainly because the game has no real explanations for why you are do things or why you are going to certain places so the story is quite poor.COMBAT: in a zombie game if the combat sucks than the rest game cant really be good either but thankfully the combat remains the same formula of moving and shooting that the last game used which is one of the main reasons left 4 dead became a hit and one of valves most remembered games today and now that melee weapons have been added the combat its now allot more close and personal.CONTENT:the game has been greatly improved over the original with more weapons, zombies and levels to play through so now you can live through that entire co op experience again with more toys to kill with.THE VERDICT: left 4 dead 2 is a great game with more things to see and do and a bunch of more modes to play such as scavenger and realism so the final verdict is an 8/10 and so I hope you enjoy your game and also hope you enjoyed my review.
Fun, is what i best describe the game as. Although from my experience exploration is limited when you travel out all you can find is  1 chest of gold and a merchant that gives you a good randomize deal on items. If this game provided more rewards for exploration it would be more interesting instead of only heading out to recruit and meet the merchant. watching the camp you have grow into a stronghold is very pleasing to witness and the hoard of enemies on red nights are somewhat challenging if you haven't invested enough time and gold into defence. I would recommend this game for its ability to challenge patience and choices to determine how many days you can last against the hoards of enemies every most nights. 1 last thing to note is that i can't seem to select the sex of my character and it is randomly generated everytime i restart. Maybe this minor feature could be improved on? but other than that it's an enjoyable game.
just as god as any other duels game but you don't have to pa $10-$20 for it, as an added bonus it's also the first duels of the planeswalkers game toa actually include planeswalker cards.
Most Badass game i have ever played.
Don't play this game*Too many games where people don't do their part.*People give up easily and quit game.*Reports don't do ♥♥♥♥*Salt Central.Extremely NOT user friendly.Get a coach.
Jumped into the first level.Charger push off the building.Instantly Died.10/10 Would Fall Again
This game is a mess. It was fun for a few hours, but after that is was REALLY boring. Unplayably boring. Do you know why? THE FIRST MISSION WAS IMPOSSIBLE FOR ME AND IT WAS WAY TO HARD FOR A FIRST MISSION. You have to level up in rank but you need, like 10,000 dollars to do it and it is extremely hard to trade without losing money. I'm either a hopeless trader or missing something.The tutorial was terrible, giving barely ANY insight intohow to trade proftably. Oh, sure the first trade you make was easy, but  after that you are thrown in the deep without knowing how to play and enjoy it while making a profit and making progress!All in all, this game is a piece of ♥♥♥♥! The DLC adds hardly anything, the first mission is impossible AND the tutorial offers NO help! At all! So I hate this game for this very reason. It SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great game, HOWEVER:VeryVeryVERY GRINDYStill, worth it, if you can play along long enough to get mods, weapons, warframes etc.10/10 Would potato again
Played for 200+ hours, while I can say the gameplay is fun and to climb a ladder requires skill. The casual games modes are fun, but the competitive ranking system is now awful, you can top frag for 5 games in a row and go unbeaten for 10 or so games and still derank on the first loss.The game is good for what it is, a cheap FPS.
Dota 2 is a game that is hard to pick up but very fun and awarding. There are many negative comments about the community being terrible and while they are partially true, they only  occur at a low level. That's why it's hard to pick up but very fun and awarding.
Spintires is a fairly realistic offroad driving simulator where you have to navigate a handful of soviet vehcles through tons of mud, dense bush and rivers. This game is rather challenging because you get bogged all the time in the thick mud or you stall your vehicle in the water with no hopes of retrieving it.PROS:- Fun- Can be played for hours on end- Is realistic- controls are easy and customisable- Levels are huge- Casual and Hardcore gamemodes- Realistic fuel consumption (Hardcore mode)- Casual makes game easier for people who don`t want to have as much a challenge as if hardcore- Casual still challengingCONS:- Could have added a fully manual gearbox- Is a little buggy on start up, it sits with a blank screen and says oops, spintires has crashed- Could have more vehicles- Could have more levels- Devs said there would 70+ vehicles by the end of their dev but they haven`t done any work on the game since May.I do recommend this game to all as everyone would find something fun and interesting about this game.This is my first review so could I have some feedback
Unlike any FPS game i ever played, fantastic!
This is one of the best games i have ever played and even though it may take a while to download it is the most fun you can have online
the best game ever
preety good for a source mod 7/10
10/10 would buy again
a fun zombie like game
a really fun game to play if your angry and you just need to kill something
This game is definetly my favourite game EVER. This game brings you through an emotional path along side with Lara Croft. Stunning graphics, fast movement and motion and brilliant voice acting. I give this game an easy 10/10!
This game is a awsome game it derserves all the love it gets
Really atmospheric and great puzzles. A bit short, but still a great game.
è bom para passar o tempo gostei dele, daria uma nota 9/10
its really cool
Wtf are u guys talking bout this game works perfect on my game maybe u didnt download it i ♥♥♥♥ing rate this 10/10 ans its nuketown and zombies wats more to love.
If you're looking for a darker visual novel, then this is it, throughout you will be confronted with decisions that will result in tragedy or bitter-sweet loss... This visual novel took my heart strings and yanked them out, yet I do not regret playing it.
Great game, certainly had me hooked into it for a great many hours. smashing zombies and, on occasion, sneaking around zombies was a pleasurable experience.just don't die if you're playing as your favourite character. send others out to die.
The thing i like about dota 2 is that everyone has there own player style no one is the same. Games can differ from being slow to fast.
Everyone should get this game, its amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Shoit game/10
Got this game recently, loving it already! It has great gameplay, but the graphics aren't so sharp. I reccomend you get this game.
just buy the 4 pack, the guy with the strongest hardware buy the dlc among ur 4 friends and never ever drastically outskill ur friends if u do u will quit the game faster than ppl quitting titanfall to go back playing call of duty
logic? what the hell is logic?10/10
its cheep and dose'nt make much scence.
Fun Indie Game Full Of Content, Great to Play with Friends, Sweet Soundtrack, Awesome 16-Bit Sidescrolling Fun worth the Price of admission.
AWESOME
THIS IS THE MOST BEST GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED I PLAYED FOR MORE THAN 28 DAYS
Brilliant open world game where you can become whatever kind of character you want to be :D
it's a pretty good game yo
good game mate
just full of action packed fun
this games is one of the most let ur self go games
A great co-op game. if you can, get this game with a friend and dont stop playing until you get to the end. just brilliant
this is a cool game with cool art style
A great game for FPS fans. Detail in this game is really great and textures are pretty good for a game running on the Source engine.
BEST.GAME.EVA
queijos
>Searches a bunker>Hears shots>My friend dies>Gets shot>I kill a guy>I fire wildly with my pistol>Headshots a sniper 85m away>Dies by a zombie10/10 Would die again
The Culling is a very fun battle royale game but sometimes the combat doesn't work very well
An all in all outsanding game that anyone who enjoys MOBAs should definately try.  The 2d imaging adds a fun new twist to what everyone thinks of when they hear MOBA.  The gameplay is outstanding and almost perfectly balanced.  This is my #1 favorite indie game. 10/10
THIS GAME WAS 14 CENTS, I BOUGHT IT AND IT WAS HORRIBLE. This game insults on greek myhtology and is juist plane boring, if you want a real game you can play for hours on end DON'T BUY THIS GAME!
it is awsome!!!! 10\\10
Was shot in the head several times. Survived.  Made it across the map several times. Survived. Killed gangs of bandits constantly. Survived.  Fell off a small rock. Was dead before I hit the ground.
dy'p[p\n
one of the best shooter games i ever played
love it
GET THIS GAME!! its the best f***ing Medieval game evar made, EVAR!!
Can't go wrong with a game about killing Nazi's.
GG.
Game is a hot mess of disaster, April 12 Update was a promise of fix and new content, but its just a piece of sh*t update, made everything have high requirements and everything difficult, even the free DLC was impossible to make, even with 4 players above the required armor gear. game is garbage after april 12th
it is very fun but it costs too much money for everything but i dought anyone would want to buy every DLC
send nothing. use pyro. kill noobies. 10/10
one of the best games i have ever played. It matches the openness of skyrim with the action of darksiders along with some interesting dlc.  I have to say it is one of the very few games that lives up to it's trailer.
Great game, to addictive though :D
Great Gameplay, Hilarious Dialouge and Gameplay that never gets old, Totally worth every penny
Nothing like dawn of war 1way more strategic and less fun for me personallyif your more into single unit stuff this is for you4/5
Updated Review--------------------------I started playing this game back a fair while ago now, it was my first on steam, and with the update out, I thought I would update my review. (And if you hadn't picked it by the insane amount of sales, it is probable everyone on steam owns this game by now.)So...DirtStoneFirst Tier oresWhat is that?.JpegDead to a F---ing guy named TimRespawnNight timeIm readyDidnt make houseZombieDear God.GifRespwanBossesDeathDungeonsDeathOceansDeathGiant Flying ♥♥♥♥ing SkeletonsHardmode ActivatedOh Yeah.MovNoI was not preparedExpert modeplsGOD GEAR#Shrekt until your rekt650 Hours in... Still Havent got every item10 / 10 Would fight the Brain of Cthulhu again
well I completed this game after 16 hours YES 16 OURS YOU HEARD THAT HATERS the only levels were i raged were the amazon arcade and world of kelp and the final level the fire BIG THUMBS UP IF YOU WANT A CHALLANGE AND A LAUGH AND LOTS OF FASHIONABLE TIES!
10/10 Would recommend
Bem, o lançamento foi recente, o jogo ainda ter muito a ser trabalhado, mas a iniciativa é 10/10, porém o jogo se encontra entre 6-7/10.Mas é a Valve, eles sabem o que fazer :v
Its Awsome!
I know a lot of people do not like this game ,i was a player who was a little disapointed about the story line and all the bugs but since a lot at patches and some very mundane DLCs . i have found the Game greatly improved since the claptrap dlc was added . I now enjoy the game very much and only wish that there was more add on features to the game like there are in bl2 , I know a lot of people who play it and enjoy it and some who like to complain about it I personaly   like it and will pay with any one who ask i have 4 level 70 characters and 2 level 67 so i have put a lot of game time into it and may have a better expectation than some one who has played for a hour or so.
its a good game, i like the gameplay more than rome 2 but it has less replayablity.
This is a Great game to be in.I give it a 10/10
Mayzin game with friends r8 8/8 m8 i apreci8
Yes. heLLo?
 E3 2013: Interviewer: "So there\'s alot of placeholders here?"Dean Hall(Founder of DayZ SA): "Yeah alot of placeholders. Actually I\'m not happy with this building and other things, I think we might redo them completely from scratch.Meanwhile, my character silently drinks a unopened can of Soft Drink through his motorcycle helmet and then proceeds to die from jumping off a 2 metre barn floor. That\'s okay, still in Early Access. September 2015 in an interview: Interviewer: "DayZ has been around for a while. Ummmm, It is, creeping up to a Beta maybe?"Brian Hicks(New DayZ Lead Producer): "Yeah we\'re getting there, we\'re getting towards our goal. We\'re still aiming for the end of this year. It\'ll probably get pushed maybe a month, maybe two AT MOST "Meanwhile, April 25th, 2016 and my character STILL drinks a unopened can of Soft Drink with slightly better animations, sound effects(not 100% guarranteed every time you drink), but STILL through my helmet. It has been 2 years. All you have changed is the price of the game and I\'m sitting here wondering how a guy is shooting me through his fists....With an invisible gun."Early Access they say", "Test the game they say". Okay Rocket, I\'ll run halfway across the map in order to get decent gear, only to die from a game of \'who can press spacebar the quickest to bring out their gun". Thanks.However, this does not mean the game isn\'t fun, it just means when the game gets boring, it gets REALLY boring. Play with a group of friends(for fun, not seriously or you\'ll regret it) and you\'ll have a blast(majority of the time).tl;dr: Good game. ♥♥♥♥ development.
This game is really entertaining, the realistic gun mechanics and simplistic level design makes this game really fun and entertaining too play.If you are like me and got the game for free from another game then it is great and entertaining, although I am not saying this game isn't worth buying it totally is.
This game is really entertaining, the realistic gun mechanics and simplistic level design makes this game really fun and entertaining too play.If you are like me and got the game for free from another game then it is great and entertaining, although I am not saying this game isn't worth buying it totally is.
This game is brilliant!It runs much better than Attila, and the graphics are gorgeous.Units and factions are fun and varried and there are currently manny different builds being used in multiplayer!
State of decay é um jogo muito bom e divertido, sua historia é bem legal, graficos aceitavéis, jogabilidade boa !Nota 8/10
This game is awesome. Its like a diablo where you have to reach a point. Also its free to play :)
could be made a million times better
YES Just it has EVERYTHING!
the original fps action, better than cod, better fanbase, play equally, community game-modes.9.5/10 would buy.
Good puzzle game to get past those boring bits in life
Overhype, horrible fanbase... It's like Five Night's at Freddy's but BAD
Do you hate yourself? Do you enjoy smashing your head against a wall? Do you like never sitting on a throne?If you answered yes to any of these then this is the game for you, if you said no, then this is still a game for you.
Ai as monster in matchmaking should at least be more balanced because they only aim for medics not any 1 else, I always attack the med when i am the monster but im not as brutal as the ai because everytime i ply as medic ai always tries n kill me n not any 1 else, the ai will chase me down till i die. pls balance the matchmaking ai as monster because for me medics r useless when ai is the monster in matchmaking. But i still like the game.
Hats... Nothing more to say...
A must have!
Amazing game, movement relly fluent and fits peoples play styles.patch 12 is a bit buggy, makes my steam and game frequently. still recomend it though.
loadout is an extremely hilarious take on the moder nday shotter. it's like if team fortress two and Quake had a baby then dropped it on its head and kicked ten timesi rate this game 2 and a half mentally challenged babies out of #@^$^@%@#%( sorry im making soda
